

A Little Bit of Déjà Vu
The Return to Redemption Series—Book One

Winner of the Romance Writers of America® Golden Heart® Award 
and 
Winner of the Pacific Northwest Writers Association® Zola Award


by

Laurie Kellogg


Sometimes destiny has the last word (and laugh)

Fate thrust them together
Blackmail and deception tore them apart
Nineteen years later, their children's love reunites them
Now, only truth and forgiveness can make them a family

Margie Bradford is picking up the pieces of her shattered life following her husband's death. When her cousin encourages her to make a fresh start with her teenage daughter, unsuspecting Margie takes a reading specialist job in the small town of Redemption, PA. The last person she expects to encounter is Rocket Manion, the ex-NFL quarterback and Dr. Phil wannabe who broke her heart nineteen years ago. Strangling her meddling cousin is now at the top of Margie's to-do list.

Divorced teacher and head football coach Jake Manion experiences an eerie sense of déjà vu when his son announces he's gotten his girlfriend pregnant. The feeling simply grows stronger when Jake learns the girl's mother is Maggie, the same woman on whom he's wasted nearly two decades of bitterness.

While planning their kids' wedding and helping them grow up too soon, Jake attempts to pick up right where he left off--in Margie's bed. But no matter how irresistible his kisses are, she isn't stupid enough to let him hurt her again. Or is she?
 


A Little Bit of Déjà Vu
Copyright 2012 
Published by Laurie Kellogg at Smashwords
 
LK Books
Digital Edition
ISBN-13: 978-1-938618-02-4

All rights reserved
 
This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the author except for the use of brief quotations. Thank you for respecting this author’s hard work.

Disclaimer

This novel is a work of fiction. Any references to real people, events, establishments, organizations, or locations are used only to provide authenticity and are used fictitiously. All other characters, places, incidents, and dialogue are products of the author’s imagination and should not be construed as real. Any resemblance between the novel’s characters and setting and actual individuals or places is completely coincidental. All inaccuracies or mistakes are the author’s fault and accidental. The author apologizes for any factual discrepancies or typographical errors. If you find any, please contact the author so she can correct them for future copies.
 http://www.LaurieKellogg.com 
 
Edited by Gwynlyn MacKenzie
 
Proofreaders
 
Virginia Clemens
Heidi Luchterhand
Elizabeth Walls
 


Dedicated to my mother and late father.
 I love you Mom / I miss you Dad
 
Perfect parents don’t exist. Their mistakes—usually motivated by love—often come back to haunt them when their children repeat history.
 
 
 
 
Prologue

“What’d you say”—Margie Bradford choked on the warm chocolate chip cookie that had shattered her willpower — “your teacher’s” —cough— “name is?”
Her throat continued its spasm to expel the lodged crumbs while her daughter, Emma, slapped Margie’s back hard enough to leave a permanent handprint.
Didn’t they cover the Heimlich maneuver in health class anymore?
Then again, it would serve her right if the coroner listed cookies as the cause of her death. The last thing her thirty-six-year-old body needed was more fat and sugar. Since Dan’s death five months ago, her hips had spread like an albatross’s wings.
Emma dashed to the kitchen sink, splashed water into a glass, and shoved it into Margie’s hand. “You okay, Mom?”
“Yes,” she gasped. Or she would be—just as soon as she confirmed she’d suffered from an auditory hallucination.
She gulped the water, and inhaled the mouthwatering aroma of chocolate melting in the oven. For the preservation of her waistline, she had to find something besides sweets to reward her students in the future. “Your Human Development teacher—what’d you say his name is?”
“Mr. Manion.” Her daughter’s light gray gaze narrowed. “Why? Have you met him?”
“No,” Margie squeaked. At least, she sure as heck hoped not. There must be thousands of Manions in the world. Squashing her paranoia, she forced her voice back down the full octave it had risen. “What’s his first name?”
“How should I know?” Emma rolled her eyes. “Someone probably mentioned it, but I forget. Do you tell your classes your first name?”
Her daughter had a point. Most of Margie’s middle school students wouldn’t know her name, either—especially since she was new to the district.
“Whatever it is, he’s the only teacher in the whole darn high school who pays any attention to me. My class before his is practically next door, so I always get there early. Mr. M sits and talks to me every day while he’s waiting for the rest of the kids.”
Margie pulled the last tray of cookies from the oven and flipped the control dial off. “So how old is he?”
“Ewww.” Emma wrinkled her nose. “It’s not what you’re thinking. He’s just being nice. We talk about movies, books….what I want to do after graduation. Stuff like that.”
“I wasn’t suggesting the man was hitting on you.” Margie sucked in a deep breath in a futile attempt to force her pulse to return to its normal rhythm. “I was simply trying to get a mental picture of him.”
Yeah, right. And if her daughter didn’t spit out what the man looked like in the next thirty seconds, Margie would expire from asphyxiation rather than death by Toll House cookies.
“I guess he’s a little older than you.” Emma shrugged, brushing her long dark hair back from her face. “It’s hard to tell. All I know is his son, Alex, is an absolute hunk. I’d give my entire CD collection for a date with him.”
Seeing her daughter act like a normal seventeen-year-old again warmed Margie’s heart. Regardless of her teacher’s identity, his extra attention was just what the child needed.
Ever since Dan’s 737 crashed the previous spring, Emma had been having nightmares and spent a lot of her free time sleeping. She’d been her daddy’s little princess, and she missed him terribly. Perhaps even more than Margie did—which was a lot.
Cookies might dull her pain during the day, but at night, they just left crumbs in the vacant half of her bed.
Emma’s resemblance to Dan brought a lump to Margie’s raw throat. She swallowed hard and transferred the baked goodies to the wire racks spread across the center work island. “Okay, so what’s he look like?”
Her daughter filched a warm cookie and nibbled it, pacing the length of the condo’s kitchen. “Mmm, I’d say his hair’s about the same shade of light brown as yours before Aunt Barbie talked you into the highlights. And his eyes....” Her dreamy sigh said her description was of Alex, not his father. “They’re like two shimmering pools of mercury.”
“No-o. His dad. What’s he look like?”
Emma did a double take and peered at her. “Why the inquisition about Mr. Manion?”
What could Margie say? That she wanted to know if the teacher was the same guy who’d gotten her pregnant and broken her heart eighteen years ago? “I’m just curious.”
“Actually, he looks a little like daddy—only taller.”
In other words, dark hair and silver eyes. Just like Jake Manion. The bitter taste of dread overpowered the sweet chocolate lingering on her tongue.
“You’ve probably seen pictures of him when he was younger,” Emma added. “He was a famous quarterback a gazillion years ago. He coaches our high school team now.”
Margie’s knees buckled, and she sank onto one of the counter’s stools. That tidbit of information erased all doubt. Little wonder Emma didn’t know his first name. The media had always referred to Jake as....
“Rocket Manion,” Margie whispered.
“So you’ve heard of him?”
One would have to be Amish not to have heard of Jake. Until ten years ago, his face covered every major sports magazine and appeared regularly on the boob tube. He’d played in the NFL for eight seasons and taken his team to three Super Bowls, two of which they won, before a couple of three-hundred pound behemoths broke his back.
It was only natural Emma hadn’t recalled his first name. Ever since Jake had streaked sixty-yards for his first NFL touchdown, he’d been Rocket to the media and all his fans.
“You’ve been in his class for three weeks now. Why on earth didn’t you mention your teacher is a sports legend?”
“Why would I?” Emma looked at her as if she suspected Margie had taken some mind-altering drug. “You hate football. Anyway, he’s really nice. I’m definitely registering for his Marriage and Family class for the spring semester. With any luck, he’ll tell me some more stuff about Alex.”
Wonderful. Margie knew Jake had a son, but she hadn’t realized the boy was so close to Emma’s age.
“How old is Alex?”
“He’s a senior, too. Mr. Manion told me he was born the night he played his first Super Bowl. So I guess he’ll be eighteen in January.”
Around the same time their baby would’ve been due. Apparently, Jake must have had a grand time the previous spring, buzzing from flower to flower—pollinating.
Emma leaned on the counter and began sketching in her art pad. “Anyway, it’s not as if Alex would ever notice a nobody like me. He’s the first-string quarterback and is so gorgeous he can have any girl he wants.”
If the kid looked anything like his father, Margie didn’t doubt his popularity. For the first time in her life, she was grateful the Lord had given her daughter such a shy, quiet personality. If the boy was as sought-after as Emma suggested, it would take a girl a lot more vivacious and outgoing than her to set off Alex Manion’s radar.
But what if, God forbid, he did notice her?
She could always pack her daughter off to an all-girl boarding school for the rest of the year.
Except that was exactly what her controlling mother would’ve done. Katherine Hunter had kept such a tight rein on Margie she never even had a date before she married Dan. Or since he died, for that matter.
The only time Katherine permitted Margie out of her sight had been the single weekend Margie visited her cousin at college to tour the campus of one of the few schools for which her mother was willing to help pay the tuition. A last-minute change in her work schedule was the only reason Katherine had allowed Margie to attend her preadmission interview without a chaperone.
Margie absolutely refused to follow in her mother’s footsteps, controlling every moment of her daughter’s existence. She didn’t want Emma blaming her for ruining her life the same way Margie’s overbearing mother had destroyed hers.
Or for her daughter to leave home and never return.
All she could do was pray Alex would never ask Emma out. Of course, if the boy’s attention span was anything like his old man’s, even if Alex developed an interest in Emma, it would only last four days.
Margie slid off her stool and placed the greasy cookie sheets in the sink. It was simply too weird that she and Jake had ended up teaching in the same school distr—
She slapped her hand over her mouth. Wait a minute. Her pain-in-the-A-double-S cousin had orchestrated this last May at the same time she’d talked Margie into blonde highlights and using a little of Dan’s insurance money to have LASIK surgery.
Barbara had been the one who’d given Margie the Bucks County classified clipping for her job as a reading specialist.
What had her cousin hoped meddling would accomplish? Did she think she could atone for landing Margie in Jake’s bed by throwing them together a second time?
With the way Barbara had nagged her to apply for the job and move to Pennsylvania last spring, Margie should’ve known her cousin was up to something. Except, after Dan died, she’d been in such an emotional daze she’d been lucky to put her shoes on the correct feet.
She just thanked God Jake and she taught at two different schools on opposite sides of the township. Since the district was so spread out, with any luck, she could finish the year without running into him. In May, she’d look for a new position west of the Mississippi.
Or better yet, west of the Rockies.
“So, as I was saying earlier,”—Emma’s voice yanked Margie out of her reverie—“Mr. Manion gave me a quiz to bring home for you.”
A test for her? That was just peachy.
Jake had been halfway to getting his masters in psych. How the heck had he ended up teaching—in the Family and Consumer Science department, no less? He should be coaching a pro team or exploiting his jaw-dropping good looks as a television football commentator.
“He wants the parents to complete as much as they can without looking anything up. The point is to give you an overview of what we’ll be learning this year. He’s gonna go over the answers with you all tomorrow.”
Margie snapped her gaze to Emma, creasing her forehead. “Tomorrow?”
“Uhh—yeahhh. Remember? Back-to-school night?”
The cookie dough she’d eaten settled like a lump of clay in her gut. On the bright side, at least she wouldn’t have to fake an upset stomach to get out of attending that little soiree.


 
Chapter 1

June—eight and a half months later . . .
 
“What do you mean you got Emma pregnant?” Jake Manion stared across the diner’s booth into a pair of silver eyes identical to his. He flinched at the clatter of dirty dishes the busboy dropped behind him.
“Exactly what didn’t you get about that, Dad?” Alex shrugged his broad quarterback shoulders. “I’m gonna be a father.”
The previously appetizing aroma of coffee and fried onions turned Jake’s stomach. A father? His son wasn’t done being a kid yet. He gazed out the window in a futile attempt to draw some serenity from the green rolling hills. “How the hell did this happen?”
“You’re the Human Development teacher.” Alex snorted. “You tell me.”
“Very funny. This isn’t a laughing matter.” It was his worst nightmare.
“Who’s laughing? How’d you like me to answer these stupid questions?”
Jake’s eye twitched as he struggled to maintain his composure. “Okay, smart guy, you managed to score nearly two thousand on your SATs, and you have a three-point-nine GPA. So tell me this—has anything I’ve preached to you over the last eighteen years penetrated that high-performance brain of yours?”
“My brain wasn’t exactly on duty at the time.”
“That’s right, I forgot it’s June first. It must’ve gone south for a vacation in your Levi’s. You’re graduating in twelve days. Do you realize what you’ve done to your life? And Em’s?”
The dark shadows under Alex’s eyes said he was well aware of what a baby would mean to their future. Jake knew firsthand how scared the kid must be.
“I suppose this is why you look as if you haven’t slept in a week and why your calculus teacher told me you’ve been nodding off in class?”
A guilty look flickered in Alex’s gaze as he turned his face away. “Yeah, I guess so.”
And here Jake had been attributing his kid’s distraction in school to a severe case of senioritis.
Alex leaned back in the booth, stretching his favorite Penn State T-shirt across his muscular chest. The kid only had nine of them. To look at him, no one would believe he’d weighed less than four pounds at birth. Jake swallowed hard. And now his son was about to become a father.
Damn, he felt ancient.
“You know, Dad, it’s easy for you to lecture me and your classes about abstinence when the only breasts you’ve touched in years were from KFC. I’m not a monk like you. I can’t kiss Emma and not get turned on.”
Jake understood precisely how tough it was. His son could be his clone except for Alex’s lighter hair. Having a sweet young woman’s body pressed against him had brought Jake more heartache than he wanted to remember. “Believe me, Alex, I understand how hard it can get.”
His son clapped his hand over his mouth and groaned. “That was bad.”
Jake closed his eyes. “You’re right. It was.”
Alex stacked a pile of sugar packets, making a pyramid. “Anyway, if you really know how hard it gets, you wouldn’t spend every Saturday night grading papers and workin’ on your dissertation.”
His kid’s jaw would hit the floor if Jake told him about his afternoon quickies with one of the school’s guidance counselors. Alex had no concept of the intense sense of déjà vu their exchange gave Jake. It was like watching an instant replay of his own life. Except he’d taken the flip side of the conversation nineteen years ago. His urge to throttle his son made his father’s response back then seem quite calm and reasonable. Jake definitely owed his dad an apology.
“My Saturday night dates with a red marking pen are not the issue here.” He tunneled his fingers through his hair. “When I gave you those condoms to share with the team, I meant for you to keep a few for your own use should the need arise.”
“Oh, it rose all right.” His son smirked as he rolled his eyes toward the ceiling fan turning overhead. Its gentle breeze wasn’t enough to cool the heat creeping up Jake’s neck.
His hand flexed under the table. This was exactly the kind of teenage bravado that drove normally rational parents into smacking their kids’ smug faces right into the next zip code.
He’d read all the books on dealing with teens. In fact, he was even working on his doctoral dissertation on that subject. But knowing intellectually his kid’s stand-up comedy routine was simply a way to hide his anxiety did nothing to keep that superior you-don’t-know-squat attitude from undermining Jake’s reason.
If anyone shouldered the blame for his son getting involved with Emma, he should. When she’d tiptoed into his classroom in September, he’d felt an instant affinity to the shy, timid girl. Her smile and petite figure reminded him so much of the woman he’d spent nearly two decades trying to forget—and forgive.
He knew how difficult it was for teens to move, especially their senior year. Consequently, he’d bribed his son with a huge stack of pancakes and asked him to casually drop by Jake’s class, invite the lonely girl to lunch, and introduce her to his friends. Alex must have decided Emma didn’t eat puppy chow for breakfast as he’d feared after Jake told him she was smart and funny but just a little shy.
“Look, I’m sorry.” Alex turned his palms up in a helpless gesture. “I used protection—every time. Aren’t you the one who lectures all the kids that condoms are only eighty-eight percent effective in practical use?”
“Well, I’m glad to hear something sunk in. Too bad you didn’t remember my advice about using something else with them.”
Alex crossed his arms over his chest. “Do you treat the kids at school like this when they tell you they’ve screwed up?”
“Those kids aren’t my son, damn it! They also aren’t fouling up a full ride to Penn State. My research is all about kids like you. Were you so intimidated by your success that you had to deliberately louse up your life?”
His son glanced at all the heads turning toward them. “Shhh! Does the whole freakin’ world have to know my business?”
Jake braced his forearms on the table and leaned forward, lowering his voice. “If you didn’t want people to overhear us, why’d you bring me to a public place to deliver this happy news?”
“Emma’s meeting us with her mother in a few minutes.”
“Great. This just gets better and better.” Jake rubbed the back of his neck to ease his tension. So he was finally going to meet the elusive Widow Bradford. He could think of a lot more pleasant ways to get acquainted.
The few times he’d telephoned her house looking for his son, who routinely forgot to charge his cell phone, Mrs. Bradford’s sultry voice had intrigued Jake in a way no woman’s had in years. So much so, he’d suggested having coffee together the first time he’d spoken to her.
Unfortunately, the woman was still mourning her husband and had shut him down before he’d ever finished spitting out his clumsy invitation. On every occasion he’d talked to her, he’d hung up the phone swamped by profound disappointment and the strange feeling that, for some reason, she just didn’t like him. In fact, if they didn’t work in two different schools, he’d wonder if the woman might actually be avoiding him.
But whether she’d purposely stayed out of his way or not, this was hardly the ideal situation to rectify any bad impressions he might have made on the phone.
He arched one eyebrow at his son. “Should I assume Emma is having this same conversation with Mrs. Bradford as we speak?”
“No. She wants you to help us tell her mom.” Alex scowled at Jake. “I don’t know why, but for some reason, my girlfriend thinks you’re patient and understanding.”
Okay, so he deserved that. Some psychologist he was—losing his cool without listening first. When it came to crisis management in his own family, his ex-wife Roxanne could attest that he sucked at remaining dispassionate and open-minded. But seeing his sins revisited in his son’s life sent every paternal instinct bubbling to the surface.
Dwelling on the kids’ mistake wouldn’t change their future. But how he handled it now could make all the difference.
Jake drew in a cleansing breath. “Look, I’m sorry I yelled. Let’s start over—sane and sensible this time. Are you saying Emma hasn’t told her mom yet?”
“No. She’s afraid her mother’s gonna have a meltdown. Mrs. Bradford only delivered the abstinence part of Teens and Sex 101 to Em.”
In that case, Alex could consider his name crossed off the woman’s Christmas list. Jake knew this for a certainty because he’d had personal experience telling a girl’s mother he’d impregnated her daughter.
He’d never told Alex how preventing teen pregnancies had become such a crusade for him. He’d attained dual-certification to teach family and consumer science classes in addition to psychology, hoping to spare his son and other kids this misfortune.
After hanging up his cleats, he’d received dozens of job offers for assistant coach positions in the pros and as a sportscaster for numerous cable networks. He’d socked enough away during his football career to be more than just comfortable, so he’d chosen to teach, hoping to save his marriage and the futures of impressionable teens.
Jake nodded a greeting to their waitress, Brandy Harris, as she rushed up wearing a mini skirt and a blouse that left nothing to a man’s imagination, drenched in enough perfume to obliterate the mouthwatering aromas wafting from the nearby tables. She was one of Jake’s students—not that a stranger would ever guess. She had the body of a porn-queen and dressed more like a streetwalker than a high school cheerleader. Not surprising after being raised by a single mom who worked as an exotic dancer to support her family.
Brandy had been shaking her pom-poms at his son for the last four years. So in reality, things could be worse. Alex could’ve knocked up the class tramp instead of shy, sweet Emma.
The fatherless Pamela Anderson wannabe flashed her dazzling smile at Jake’s son and purred, “Hi, Alex,” before turning to Jake, her pen poised to jot down their order. “Hey, Coach, what can I get for you?”
“Sorry, Brandy, we need a few minutes. We’re expecting two more.”
“Sure. Take your time.” She sashayed away from the table and tossed Alex an enticing smile over her shoulder, leaving a cloud of her scent hovering around them. Alex ignored her, but as soon as she turned her blonde head, he joined every other heterosexual male under forty watching her wiggle her shapely ass back to the kitchen.
Jake snorted inwardly. There wasn’t enough money in the world to tempt him to go back to being eighteen and having his hormones raging twenty-four/seven. One of the few benefits of growing older was his forty-two-year-old mind no longer lived in his shorts.
His kid just couldn’t see that the Almighty had dealt him a royal flush. Besides being brilliant and having the entire female population of the high school panting over him, Alex’s grades and athletic ability had given him his choice of any university.
Jake had teetered on a tightrope for years, both as a father and coach, trying to give his son just enough praise to encourage him without destroying Alex’s greatest strength—his humility. Unfortunately, now the kid believed he was the most highly recruited senior in the country simply because he was Rocket Manion’s progeny.
Not only did his son have more natural talent than Jake ever thought of having on the football field, evidently, Alex was just as gifted as his old man at finding ways to screw up his life.
~*~
The brakes squealed as Margie swung her light blue Camry into the nearest parking space in front of her condo. Emma would be furious with her for getting home so late.
Regrettably, it couldn’t be helped. Discussing Simon’s reading problems with his mother ranked a lot higher on Margie’s to-do list than being introduced to Alex’s father. In fact, the only thing she dreaded more than seeing Jake again was getting reacquainted with him.
She just wished Mrs. Newberry had made an appointment instead of cornering her in the supermarket. Margie really needed to be more assertive when parents waylaid her.
Using her shoulder as a battering ram, she opened the stubborn front door and dumped her leather satchel on the entryway table before continuing into the kitchen with her groceries. “Emma,” she called down the hall, “I’m sorry I’m late, Sweetie. Come on, let’s go.”
As she plopped the shopping bag on the center work island, she frowned at the absence of the stereo’s blare. Was her daughter even home?
Emma had been nagging Margie for three days about finally meeting Jake. Since her daughter began dating Alex, Emma had spent even more time around his father and raved about Jake incessantly as if he were Albert Einstein, Jesse Owens, and Sigmund Freud rolled up in one. Margie knew differently.
She’d hoped Alex and Emma would break up before this. No such luck. She’d run out of excuses to avoid Jake and had no choice now, unless she confessed to Emma why it was a problem for her. She was sick of living in fear of running into the jerk. She might as well endure the nightmare of seeing him again and be done with it.
Margie transferred the perishables from the shopping bag into the refrigerator and sighed. She’d lost count of the number of teachers and parents she’d heard rhapsodize about Jake as if they thought he should be given a platinum halo for the way he went above and beyond the call of duty for his students.
Even Simon had spent the entire school year extolling Rocket Manion’s NFL football career and talking about what an awesome coach all his friends said Jake was. The boy couldn’t wait to play on Jake’s team next year. Except Margie wasn’t sure she could, in good conscience, give a recommendation to promote Simon to the senior high school. She didn’t know what to do with him. The eighth grader still hadn’t progressed much further in his reading than when she’d started teaching him nine months ago. It wasn’t as if he were actually failing his classes now, but if he advanced to higher-level courses, he soon would be.
While washing her hands, she noticed bits of egg in the sink and peered into the drain. The toast and omelet she’d fixed Emma for breakfast lay at the bottom of the disposal. She frowned and flipped the switch. “God, please don’t let her be turning anorexic.”
Margie glanced at her watch and hurried down the hall to check Emma’s room. She’d planned to change into something that didn’t emphasize how much weight she’d gained in the last two decades. Regrettably, as late as it was, the cotton candy pink shell and white skirt she’d worn to school would have to do. At least it was her best color. She tapped on the bedroom door and pushed it open. “Em, are you in here?”
Her daughter lay fast asleep on top of her white eyelet comforter, wearing the new sundress Margie had bought for her a few days ago. Sleeping had been her daughter’s preferred method of coping after Dan died. Was something new bothering her? This wasn’t the first time in the last few weeks she’d discovered Emma napping again.
Margie sank onto the edge of the twin bed and felt her child’s head. Emma’s eyes fluttered open.
“Don’t you feel well, Sweetie?”
“Sure.” She yawned. “I’m fine.”
“Oh, really? I caught you throwing out your favorite dinner the other night, your breakfast is at the bottom of the disposal again, and now you’re conked out before you’ve even had supper.”
“I’m just a little tired.” Emma stretched and sat up. “I didn’t sleep well last night.”
“You didn’t?” Margie wrinkled her brow. “That’s funny. I didn’t, either. Lately, have you noticed a strange scraping noise about midnight and again a little after five each morning?”
“N-No.” Emma gnawed on her lip. “I just couldn’t sleep.” Her gaze darted around the room as if she feared some sort of goblin would jump out of her closet at any moment.
What was her daughter’s problem? Margie was the one who had to face her past in just a few minutes. She drew in a deep breath to steady her nerves and patted her daughter’s leg. “Well, let’s go. You’ve been badgering me for days to meet this paragon, and we were supposed to be there ten minutes ago.”
“Mom, Mr. Manion is just as nice as Alex.”
On meeting Jake’s son the first time, she’d felt as if she’d had a visit from the Ghost of Past Mistakes. He looked just like Jake dipped in peroxide. But, in his defense, the boy fit every mother’s idea of the perfect date for her daughter. He got straight As while taking mostly AP courses and had impeccable manners. In fact, after getting to know Alex, she’d begun to wonder if maybe the glowing reports about Saint Jake might just be true.
Nevertheless, Margie couldn’t warm up to the kid. All Alex had to do was smile, and she found herself fighting an unreasonable animosity. Naturally, she felt terrible about her prejudice. The boy hadn’t done a thing. It was his old man she wanted to kick.
On the way out of the bedroom, she inspected her make-up in Emma’s mirror and smoothed her highlighted, chin-length hair.
“Would you relax, Mom? You look beautiful. If anyone should be nervo—” Emma bit her lower lip.
“What’re you nervous about?”
“Uhh....nothing really.” Emma dragged Margie out the door, her face as pale as if it were January instead of June. “I—uhh—I just want you to give Alex’s dad a chance. You act as if you’ve already decided not to like him.”
Once they were in the car, Margie squeezed her daughter’s hand and smiled. “I don’t care what you say. I’m making you an appointment with Doc Foster. I can’t remember the last time you ate a decent meal. And I don’t like your color at all.”
“I’m fine.” Emma’s eyes rolled. “I just haven’t been hungry. I think maybe I have a stomach bug or something.”
As they pulled into the Redemption Diner’s parking lot fifteen minutes later, Margie checked her watch again. Did she dare hope he’d given up on them and left?
“I really don’t see what the urgency is to meet this guy is all about. You’ve been dating Alex for over eight months. Now, all of a sudden, you can’t wait to introduce me to his father.”
Emma huffed as she shoved the passenger door open. “I just thought the two of you should finally get to know each other. You’ve probably passed each other in your cars a gazillion times this year on the way to school. You act as if you think Mr. Manion’s got herpes or something.”
No, something much worse. Sex appeal.
Margie climbed out of the car and shot a sideways look at her daughter over the Camry’s roof. “I hope you and Alex aren’t doing anything weird like trying to set us up.”
“Ewww.” Emma wrinkled her nose. “Now I really wanna puke. Why would I want you to date my boyfriend’s father? Besides,”—she shrugged—“don’t you still love Daddy?”
Margie slid her arm around her daughter as they crossed the parking lot. “I’ll always love your dad, Em. He gave me you.”
Now was not the time to mention, as soon as Emma moved out to transfer to a four-year school, Margie had every intention of pursuing a social life that included men. She had no desire to spend the rest of her life alone or to share her sexual peak with some battery-operated lover.
And, hoo-boy, had she been peaking since losing Dan. Every night her empty bed mocked her.
She clenched her fists to stop the trembling in her hands. Why was she so nervous? Jake was just a man. What happened between them had been nearly two decades ago.
Except nineteen years hadn’t seemed to diminish her visceral reaction to the big jerk. Every time she spoke to him on the phone, his deep velvety voice and sexy laugh never failed to make her stomach quiver, and she ended up blathering like an idiot.
Maybe she was simply afraid that, when she faced him and gazed into those magnetic silver eyes, she would have trouble remembering the word no.
~*~
Jake heaved a disgusted sigh as his son continued watching Brandy out of the corner of his eye, wearing a puzzling expression that leaned more toward loathing than lust. It seemed odd, seeing as the pretty cheerleader had been at the core of his tight circle of friends for the past three years. It was impossible to guess what his kid was thinking. 
Shaking his head, Jake muttered under his breath, “The idiot sold out his whole damn future for a quick tumble.”
Alex’s gaze snapped to Jake’s, his face suffused with color. “It wasn’t like that, Dad. I love Em.”
Damn. Had that actually come out of his mouth? “Alex.” Jake lifted his hands in apology. “I’m really sorry. I never should’ve said something like that.” At least not out loud. “It helps a lot if you love each other.”
“Well, we do.” His son waved his hand over his head, and a moment later, the tiny girl he’d been dating appeared next to their table.
Emma’s long, dark hair and gray eyes made her look very much like what he’d imagined Maggie’s and his daughter might have. Jake had never stopped wondering what sex their baby had been. In fact, he’d been so bitter and devastated over the loss of his child, he’d convinced Roxanne to skip the birth control on their honeymoon.
Alex stood and bent to hug Emma, then stepped back to let her slide into the booth before he sank next to her and slung his arm around her.
She glanced between them, wearing a tremulous smile. “Did you tell him?”
Squeezing her to his side, Alex gently pressed his lips to her forehead and murmured, “I told you I would, didn’t I? Everything’s gonna be okay, Angel. Where’s your mom?”
“She stopped off at the ladies’ room on the way in.” Emma turned to Jake. “I guess you’re really disappointed in us, huh, Mr. M?” she asked, uncertainty quivering in her voice.
Reaching across the table, Jake patted her delicate hand and smiled. “Disappointed is a good word, Emma.”
His nervous jack-in-the-box son sprang out of his seat with a constipated clown’s grin pasted on his face.
Jake rose and turned to greet the petite blonde gliding toward their booth. She was even hotter than the picture her sultry voice had painted in his imagination. The woman couldn’t be much past her early thirties. Way too young to be Emma’s mom.
As Mrs. Bradford approached the table, he stared down into a pair of familiar sky blue eyes. His smile dropped.
This had to be just another one of his dreams.
Nausea churned in his stomach like the ocean’s surf right before a storm as he breathed out almost soundlessly, “Maggie.”
~*~
Margie gawked up at the doused-with-ice-water expression on Jake’s face and grabbed the back of the booth to stop the room from spinning. The grainy pictures in local newspapers hadn’t done him justice. The silver sprinkled through his hair simply intensified his metallic gaze.
If only she’d had time to put a curling iron to her hair. And lose fifteen pounds. She really needed to get some new outfits that didn’t fit as if they’d shrunk in the laundry.
Alex held his hand out toward her. “Mrs. B, I’d like you to meet my father, Jake. Dad, Emma’s mom, Margie Bradford.”
Jake glowered at her, his eyes blazing with....contempt?
How could he possibly be angry when he was the one who’d rejected her? If anything, he should be grateful for what she’d done for him. She glared right back and stiffened at the confusion on the kids’ faces.
The last thing she wanted to do was explain how Jake and she were acquainted. With any luck, he wouldn’t want them to know about their past any more than she did. Maybe he was just ticked off she hadn’t told him who she was before this.
Margie swallowed back her anxiety and pasted on a superficial smile. She’d be damned if she’d let him see he’d rattled her. “How do you do, Mr. Manion. It’s nice to finally meet.”
His mouth tightened as he shook her extended hand, murmuring under his breath, “So you want to play this like strangers, huh, Rosebud?”
Jake’s gaze ping-ponged between Emma and Alex and the color instantly drained from his face. “Please, God, no.” He grabbed Margie’s arm. “I think we’d better check out the dessert case.”
“Dad, would you sit down?”
Ignoring his son, Jake dragged Margie to the front of the diner and snapped, “Maggie, please tell me she isn’t mine.”
His use of the nickname he’d given her when they’d first met chilled her like a frigid shower. Back then it had made her feel special and cherished. Now the name served as a painful reminder of the stupid girl she used to be, Jake's heartless betrayal, and of the baby she would never hold. Not in this life anyway.
“What’re you talking about?” She frowned and rubbed the sore spot where his fingers had dug into her arm. The revulsion on his face made him look as if he might heave on her at any moment, cuing her in to the horrific thing he was suggesting. “Ugh—no! How could you even think—”
“Thank God.” His shoulders slumped, and a breath of relief rushed out of him. “I can’t believe you didn’t tell me who you were when we spoke on the phone. You must’ve been laughing your ass off all these months.”
“Hardly. Believe me, I nearly choked when I found out you were Emma’s teacher.” Literally. “And when your son asked her out….”
He closed his eyes, shaking his head. “This is too strange to be real.”
“Well, if it makes you feel any better, it’s no mere coincidence. My conniving cousin set me up by convincing me to take the job here.”
“It figures Barbara would be involved. We can discuss tarring and feathering her later.”
“What I can’t believe is our kids fell for each other.” She glanced back at them seated in the booth, wearing matching wrinkles in their foreheads. “What were the odds of that?”
“Actually, pretty good if you think about it. Emma reminds me a lot of you, and Alex is so much a chip off the old block it’s scary. Why wouldn’t the chemistry between them be just as dynamic?”
“I suppose.”
He prodded her back toward the table. “Let’s go. The kids probably think I’ve misplaced a few of my marbles.”
“They’re not the only ones.”
“You think this is weird?” He snorted. “Stick around for the second act.”
 
 

Chapter 2

Alex catapulted out of his seat as Margie strolled back to the table with Jake on her heels. “Dad, what the heck’s going on? Did you tell—”
“No,” his father cut him off, shooting a pointed look at him that had the effect of an invisible muzzle. “I was thinking about having dessert instead. My appetite isn’t what it was.”
Ditto. Margie’s stomach felt as if it had rocks in it.
“Nothing appealed to me.” He swept his hand toward the booth, offering her a seat. She squeezed by him, inhaling the classic fragrance of Old Spice mixed with his earthy masculine scent. Even after all these years, he still smelled the same.
Once their baby had been taken from her, she’d slept with her nose pressed into the football jersey he’d given her. But his scent had dissipated from the shirt as quickly as he’d married Roxanne and made it clear he wanted nothing more to do with Margie—despite that she’d been left with no choice but to do what she’d done. He had no idea how her heart had broken, grieving alone for the child they’d made and would never know.
She slid across the bench and cast surreptitious glances at Jake. Time had etched tiny laugh lines into his face and chiseled a mature ruggedness into his features that only increased his sex appeal.
The muscles in his jaw flexed as he stared at the kids seated across from them. “Alex and Emma planned to do more than simply introduce us this evening. They have something important they need to tell you.”
Margie narrowed her gaze at her daughter’s drawn face. Emma’s cheeks flushed to a deep pink, and her recent poor appetite and sluggishness teased Margie’s subconscious. She closed her eyes and prayed out loud, “Dear Lord, please don’t let it be what I think it is.”
Alex’s mouth twisted, his nod confirming her worst fear. “I’m really sorry, Mrs. B.”
Burying her face in her hand, she suppressed the urge to scream at the irony of the situation. Fate couldn’t have that bad a sense of humor, could it?
The only difference between her past situation and her daughter’s was, unlike his father, Alex seemed to genuinely care for Emma. He treated her like something rare and precious. Then again, Jake had acted the same sweet, tender way toward Margie during their brief relationship.
Since Dan had been away so much and his wanderlust had kept their family moving around the country, Margie and her child shared a closer relationship than most mothers and daughters. Or she thought they had. She reached across the table and squeezed Emma’s hand. “Why couldn’t you come to me about this?”
A bubbly blonde waitress bounced up to the booth and interrupted to take their order. Jake glanced around the table. “I don’t think anyone cares much what they eat right now. How do four cheeseburger platters and Cokes sound?”
Margie swallowed hard and shook her head. “No, I don’t think I can eat anything. Just coffee for me, please.” She heaved an anguished sigh when the waitress left. “I knew I shouldn’t have let her go to the shore after the prom.”
“It wasn’t prom night.” Alex fiddled with his silverware. “Well, at least that’s not when I got Em—you know.”
Jake peered at his son. “Just how you know is she?”
Emma bit her lip and then whispered softly, “Four months.”
The air in Margie’s lungs whooshed out. She’d be a grandmother by Thanksgiving.
Jake groaned and dropped his chin to his chest. “Why’d you two wait so long to tell us?”
“It’s my fault.” Alex raised his hands in surrender. “I convinced Em to wait. I didn’t want anyone pushing her into an abortion.” 
Her breath stalled as Jake stiffened beside her, suggesting the past also haunted him.
Alex shrugged. “We decided we’d better speak up before it became obvious.”
The lines around Jake’s mouth deepened. “You know how strongly I feel about that subject. Why would you think I’d suggest something like that?”
“It wasn’t you I was worried about.” Alex looked at Margie.
Hot tears scalded her cheeks. She could never do to Emma what had been done to her. Although, suddenly, she had an excellent understanding of the desperation her mother must have felt all those years ago.
Emma reached across the table and squeezed her arm. “I’m really sorry, Mom. I know you wanted me to wait until after I got engaged, but I love Alex. I needed to be with—”
“I know what it’s like, Emma.” Margie sniffled and wiped her eyes. “Granted, it may have been during the Jurassic era, but I was your age once upon a time. It’s why I’ve given you the sermons I have. I’d hoped you’d avoid putting yourself into situations where things could get out of hand.”
Alex shifted his gaze from his father to her. “There’s only a little over a week until graduation. We want to get married in two weeks.”
She bit her lip to keep herself from blurting out, Over my dead body, reminding herself she should be thankful the kid was willing to accept responsibility for sowing his seed where he shouldn’t have.
 Jake sucked in a deep breath before speaking. “Son, I applaud your decision to raise your child. But marriage is something you should put on hold until you’re both a little older. Give it a couple of years. If you still feel the same way about each other, we’ll throw the wedding of the decade.”
Margie clenched her fists under the table. Naturally Jake would be against them getting married. He would probably love to see his kid let off the hook the way he’d been. Then Alex could pursue his dreams while Emma gave up all of hers to care for his child.
Firm resolve tightened the line of Alex’s jaw. “We’re getting married now. I know it’ll be harder doing it without your help, so we’d like your blessing. Emma will be eighteen next weekend. We don’t need your permission.”
Jake glanced over at Margie. “What’re your feelings on this, Mrs. Bradford?”
Nineteen years ago, she’d let him talk her into a wedding to save his precious public image—the plans for which were aborted right along with their baby. She’d gotten her heart broken by stupidly letting herself hope he would fall in love with her. She didn’t want Alex marrying her daughter out of a sense of duty and then regretting it later. As much as Margie hated to admit it— “I totally agree with you, Mr. Manion.”
The conversation paused while the waitress delivered their drinks. Jake and the kids spent several minutes unwrapping straws while Margie added cream to her coffee and mentally counted to a hundred to squash the urge to throttle Jake’s son. The uncomfortable silence seemed to drag on forever and was only broken when the waitress stopped to tell them she’d be right back with their food.
As soon as their meal was delivered, Jake asked, “So exactly how do you see this playing out, Alex? Apparently, you’ve made plans.”
“I figured, after the wedding, Em could move in with us for the summer.”
Margie’s stomach plummeted and the smell of the greasy food nauseated her. It was too soon. Emma was supposed to live at home for another two years. “Your house? Why not—”
“No offense, Mrs. B, but your condo would be kind of crowded with three people. You’ve only got one TV and Emma’s bed—” A deep flush crept up Alex’s neck. “Well, uhh—I have a queen-sized mattress and a lot bigger room.”
Sadly enough, the kid was right. Emma’s ten-by-eleven bedroom would only accommodate a twin bed. Even if Margie could convince her daughter to turn down Alex’s offer of marriage, Emma would soon be a mother and need more space for her baby.  
“I’ll apply for an off-campus apartment for the fall. I think the coach will see to it that we get one. Em can take some night classes after the baby’s born.”
The most frustrating part of the horrifying situation was Margie had only two options. She could calmly accept what had happened, give her daughter sound advice, and be supportive of whatever Emma decided. Or she could rant, rave, and issue ultimatums, becoming a total bitch like her mother.
Jake shook some ketchup onto his plate and slowly screwed the cap back on. “In other words, you expect to let someone else support the three of you for the next four years.”
Alex stared at his father for several tense seconds. “No. I can forfeit my scholarship, get a job, and go to school part-time.” He curled his lip. “I guess it comes down to how badly does Rocket Manion want his son to follow in his footsteps?”
Jake’s hand froze, his burger hovering halfway to his mouth.
Margie bounced her gaze between them. How important was it to Jake that his son played football? “It sounds as if you’re trying to blackmail your dad.”
If anyone was familiar with extortion, she was. Her mother had been a pro at it. 
“Maybe I am, a little.” Alex drenched a French fry with ketchup and shrugged. “I’ll do whatever it takes to be able to marry Em.”
In other words, if Margie didn’t want to drive her daughter away, she had to find a way to deal with letting her child decide her own future.
Without taking a bite, Jake tossed his burger back on the plate. “Marriage isn’t about playing house while someone else foots the bill. It’s about taking responsibility.”
“I told you, I’ll go to school part-time if I have to.”
“Finances are the least of my worries. I don’t want to see you irrevocably commit yourselves until you’re old enough to be sure you can stand looking at each other across the breakfast table the rest of your lives.”
“Old enough?” Alex’s gaze widened beneath the incredulous furrow in his brow. “What a crock, Dad. You were twenty-three when you got hitched, and you still got divorced.”
Oh, boy. She couldn’t wait to hear Jake’s response to that.
~*~
Jake cringed and glanced at Maggie’s smug expression, icy fury chilling him to the bone. The last thing he needed right now was her gloating over his failed marriage. But he couldn’t blame her. If their situations were reversed, he’d undoubtedly feel a little self-satisfied.
Damn Roxanne. Why the hell couldn’t his ex-wife have listened to him when she finally kicked the pills? If she had continued visiting their son after he rejected her, Alex would’ve eventually come around.
Every day it became more apparent Jake needed to tell his son exactly why Roxanne had left them. Then maybe Alex could unload the baggage he carried concerning his mother. Before this, he’d been too young for Jake to discuss the real reason for the failure of his marriage.
“First of all, Alex, I wasn’t mature enough to get married—even at twenty-three. But nineteen years ago, the world was different. Since then, couples have wised up and started waiting until they’re old enough to know what they really want.
“Secondly,”—Jake held two fingers up in a V—“you know the divorce wasn’t my choice. I never stopped hoping your mom and I could eventually work things out. Marriage should be for a lifetime, and I don’t want to see yours break up like your mother’s and mine did.”
Maggie shifted restlessly in her seat, causing her flowery fragrance to surround him. Damn, she still smelled so good. Unfortunately, the fact she’d avoided him all these months proved she wanted nothing to do with him.
“It seems as if you’ve made up your minds about what you plan to do,” Margie said, “and nothing we can say is going to change them.”
“Yes, we have.” Alex nodded. “We’ve spent over three months considering all the pros and cons.”
Maggie arched one doubtful eyebrow. “And you think you can handle playing college ball while you attend classes, study, and still give a wife and baby the time they need?”
“My father’s always told me I can accomplish anything if I want it badly enough and I commit myself to achieving it.”
Great. Now his kid remembered his pearls of wisdom. Jake studied Emma quietly sitting next to Alex, allowing him to handle everything. He was proud of the way his son took care of her. She was a timid girl, and Alex bent over backward to shield her from as much unpleasantness as he could.
It reminded Jake of the way he’d handled his own crisis with Maggie. She too had remained silent, letting him return with her to San Francisco to break the news to her mother and allowing him to make all the decisions. And as soon as he’d flown home to New Jersey, Maggie had let her mother pressure her into going back on everything they’d agreed to for their future.
He’d often wondered if it’d been because he’d steamrolled her, or if she just hadn’t had enough backbone to stand up to her mother. In either case, she’d been a spineless jellyfish with one of them. But more importantly, she couldn’t have aborted their baby if she’d felt for him what she’d claimed to at the time.
Jake smiled across the table at Margie’s daughter. “You haven’t said a word, Em. You have a quiet, easygoing nature, and Alex has a tendency to drag people along in his wake. I’d like to hear your feelings on all of this.”
“I want the same things he wants,” she murmured.
“Better yet, tell me what you don’t want. There must be something the two of you have disagreed on.”
She sucked her lower lip into her mouth and glanced at Alex.
“Don’t look at him, Emma. Speak for yourself.”
Her face twisted as her eyes glassed over. “I’m afraid Alex will be the only guy at the university who’s married. I don’t want him to end up resenting our baby and me.”
“That’s the first sensible thing I’ve heard all evening.” Jake narrowed his gaze. “So you’re not quite as sure about getting married?”
Emma shot Alex an apologetic look and shook her head.
“Look, Son, all your plans sound great in concept, but in reality, they’ll play out very differently.”
“You can’t be sure of that.” Alex pulled Emma’s nearly full plate in front of him.
“No, but I’ve been to college, and I’m a father,” Jake said. “I think that qualifies me to give you a preview. Your friends will all be partying at school while you’re stuck at home, trying to study, and walking the floor with a newborn crying in your ear.”
“Your father’s right, Alex.” Margie interjected, surprising the hell out of Jake in defending his position. “You have no idea how much time caring for a baby takes out of your day or how tedious it can be.”
“That’s why I want to marry Emmy. I don’t want her to stay here and hate me for leaving her to raise our baby alone.”
And she undoubtedly would. Being on the road with the team so much while his son was a baby had been a big point of contention in Jake’s marriage.
Alex squeezed his eyes shut. “The last thing I want is to lose Emma.”
In his son’s shoes, Jake would probably feel the same way. “It sounds as if you two need to do a lot more talking before you make any decisions.” He grabbed his son’s wrist as he reached for his Coke. “And Alex....” Jake stared at him silently to be sure he had his kid’s attention. “I suggest you concentrate on listening and let Emma do the talking.”
~*~
Alex clenched his teeth as Brandy leaned over him to clear the plates, deliberately shoving her tits in his face. He wished she would stop coming on to him. If he’d known she’d gotten a job at the diner, he never would’ve suggested eating here.
Feeling Emma stiffen next to him, he squeezed her hand under the table. Not only did he hate how the cheerleader’s blatant flirting upset Emma, he resented that the slut’s come-ons could give him a hard-on. Especially when she constantly reminded him she had the power to destroy his relationship with Emma.
Brandy removed his dad’s practically untouched plate. The only reason Emma’s went back empty was because Alex had polished off the bulk of her meal in addition to his own.
Lately, he couldn’t seem to eat enough to keep his weight over two hundred. He had to or he would never survive a pack of three-hundred-pound apes piling on him in the fall.
When the check came, his dad tossed a fifteen-dollar tip on the table. He clutched his father’s arm. “Dad, our order was less than thirty bucks.”
The last thing Alex needed was Brandy thinking he’d had anything to do with the huge tip.
“I realize that. I also know what Brandy’s financial situation is at home. You’d better hope people are just as generous to you once you start trying to earn enough to feed your family and pay for doctors’ visits. Do you have any idea what it costs for medical and car insurance? Especially for a teenage guy driving an Aston Martin? And what are you going to do if the price of gas keeps going up? You told me the Vantage is getting less than fifteen miles to the gallon.”
Sometimes his dad could be such a dickhead. Still....Alex hadn’t considered insurance. Not only wouldn’t Mrs. Bradford’s policy cover Em’s pregnancy, neither of them would be eligible to stay on their parents’ car or health insurance policies once they were married. He couldn’t very well expect his dad to continue picking up the tab on his car insurance in lieu of Christmas and birthday presents the way he had in the past.
 “Mrs. B, would you mind driving my dad home?” Alex nodded toward the exit. “I’d like to take Emma for a ride so we can talk.”
“Uhh....” Margie hesitated and bit her lip. “I suppose I could, but I’d really like some time with her, myself.”
Jake pushed Alex and Emma down the aisle. “Let the kids sort things out first,” he suggested. “The two of you can talk when she gets home. It’ll give us a chance to discuss the best way to handle things, first.”
Mrs. Bradford looked about to object and then simply tossed up her hands.
“Thanks for dinner, Dad.” Waving, Alex slipped his arm around Emma and hustled her out to the sunny parking lot before their parents could change their minds. Despite that his bitch of a mother had sent him the silver Vantage, he loved his roadster and always parked in the far corner of the lot away from the other cars. He’d been so distracted earlier, planning what to say to his dad, he’d totally forgotten to put the car’s top up when they’d arrived.
“That wasn’t as awful as you expected, was it?” He opened the car door for Emma.
“No. After the lectures my mom’s given me all these years about waiting, I’m shocked she was so calm.” Emma paused while he strolled around the sports car, swung his legs over the door, and slid down behind the steering wheel. “Just when you think you know how your parents will react, they behave the exact opposite.”
“Tell me about it.” He snorted. “I expected my dad to be a lot cooler about this. I’ve seen him with other kids in our situation, and he’s always been really sympathetic. He sure as hell wasn’t with me.”
“What do you mean? He was amazing.”
“Maybe with you. You didn’t hear what he said before you got here.” Alex pointed to the back of the convertible. “Do you want me to leave the top down?”
“Sure.” Her forehead creased. “Do you think he’ll give us any financial help?”
“Not much,” he muttered. “Probably just enough to take care of his grandchild. My dad’s big on making me suffer the consequences of my actions.” Alex dropped his voice an octave, imitating Jake. “‘When parents continually bail their children out, it only teaches ‘em they have a safety net, and they’re free to make stupid choices.’”
“That sounds just like him.” She chuckled softly.
“He has a problem with kids having things too easy.”
A lot of his father’s attitude probably had to do with the fact Alex’s mom had grown up super wealthy. As a child, Alex remembered his dad calling his mother a spoiled little rich girl and accusing her of spending money as if she thought he printed it in the basement. Apparently Alex’s mother had gotten as big a high from shopping as she had from popping pills.
What he found so unbelievable was his parents’ complete role reversal when they split up. Jake had insisted he wanted Roxanne to have half of everything. After she’d been the one to walk out on them.
Regardless of how much Alex hated his mother, he couldn’t help respecting her for refusing to take so much as a dime from his dad.
He cocked an eyebrow at Emma. “He just might tell me to forfeit my scholarship and get that full-time job.”
In some ways, Alex almost hoped his dad would. Then he could stop feeling like such a fraud. The whole world expected another Rocket Manion. Alex would look like a colossal fool when everyone figured out he was nowhere near as good a quarterback as his dad had been.
Emma combed her fingers through his hair, gazing into his eyes. “I bet your Grandpa Alexander would help us.”
“Forget it. My grandfather has the same attitude as my dad. He expects me to make it on my own before he hands anything over to me.”
“What about your mom?”
“Would you please lay off about her? She’s a selfish bitch who never gave a damn about me. She’s the last person I’d take any help from.”
Emma stared out the windshield a moment and sighed. “If you ever told me anything about your mother, I wouldn’t have to push you to talk about her.”
“There’s nothing to talk about. I’ve only seen her once since I was eleven.”
Three years ago, his mother had shown up at his graduation from middle school. Alex had given her the brush-off the same way she’d ignored him for three years. Ever since then, his father had been nagging Alex to speak to her. Jake had even let his parenting principles slide and allowed Roxanne to send Alex the luxury sports car for his seventeenth birthday.
Naturally, his dad had stipulated Alex could only accept the extravagant gift if he wrote his mother a thank you note and, of course, paid for his own fuel for the gas-guzzler.
He’d figured what the hell? There should be some compensation in life for having no mother. So he’d written her a cutting note, thanking her for her generosity and saying it surprised him she even remembered she had a son, let alone when his birthday was. He’d told her not to bother sending any future gifts because expensive presents didn’t make her a mother.
“It sounds as if you miss her.” Emma stroked the short hair on the back of his neck, sending a spear of pleasure straight to his groin.
“I already told you, I don’t want to discuss her.” If he hadn’t had football to alleviate some of his rage, he probably would’ve beaten the crap out of someone by now. Most likely his father for defending her.
Alex closed his eyes, fighting the urge to pull Emma into his lap. It seemed as if he had a perpetual hard-on, lately. But what really freaked him out was he wanted to jump her twice as much whenever he thought about the woman who’d given birth to him. He must be one sick puppy. His dad’s psychoanalysis would probably be that Alex was afraid Emma would stop loving him, too.
Hell, maybe he was. It drove him crazy whenever she touched him.
He caressed her cheek and whispered, “Anyway, if I remember correctly, you’re the one who’s supposed to be doing the talking. Why didn’t you tell me you don’t want to get married?”
“I never said that. I’m just afraid you won’t be happy. I know we’re both responsible. But I’m the one who’s pregnant. It seems sort of stupid to let this louse things up for both of us.”
Ah, screw it. He slid his seat back as far as it would go and dragged her over the console on top of him. Wrapping his arms around her, he pressed his face into the soft curve of her neck and murmured, “Is that how you see this, Em—that your life is being loused up?”
She buried her face in his chest. “No. I want our baby. I’m just scared. I’m worried someday you’ll feel like I ruined your life.”
“Shhh.” He rained tender kisses over her face. “I’m sorry I got you into this mess.”
“I bet you’re wishing you never made love to me.” She wiped her eyes.
“No, Emmy, I could never regret that.” He squeezed her tighter and covered her mouth with his in a deep, searching kiss that quickly changed to frantic nipping and sucking. He ground himself against her soft bottom. Damn, but he wanted her. He couldn’t hack it if he ever lost her.
He slipped his hand under her skirt and nibbled around her ear, panting. “I love you so much, Angel. Please marry me. I know we can make it work.”
How? He had no idea. But despite his old man’s doom and gloom predictions, he’d find a way.
 

 
Chapter 3

Jake waited at the register and watched Maggie out of the corner of his eye. She’d been wearing that exact shade of pink at the party his teammates had thrown for him nineteen years ago. She still had the same creamy complexion and looked even more beautiful with her hair highlighted to a dark blond and cut in a shaggy windblown style that framed her huge blue eyes.
At some point, she must have gotten contacts. Without her glasses, she appeared as sweet and innocent as when she was seventeen. In fact, she looked more like Emma’s older sister than her mother. The weight she’d put on had settled in all the right places, giving her a womanly lushness she hadn’t had when he’d met her.
The night she’d told him she was pregnant, he’d held her while she’d slept and spanned her narrow hips with his hand, worrying if she could give birth to a child as big as his might be. What she’d done a few days later had made the size of her pelvis a pointless concern.
For almost two decades, he’d dreamt of this day and rehearsed over and over in his head what he’d say to her. Now that she stood in front of him, the words wouldn’t come. All he could think about was the way every one of those dreams ended—with her squirming naked beneath him, begging him to take her.
He leaned his elbows on the cool glass top of the cashier’s counter, searching for something to talk about that wouldn’t stir up a beehive of emotions in him.
The weather. That was always a nice safe topic. “Can you believe how warm it’s been this year?” he asked. “I’m glad it finally cooled off a little, today.”
“Me, too. I can’t believe I’m paying for air conditioning already. I’ve wanted to open my windows at night to save on the electric bill, but Emma’s been complaining so much about being hot—” Maggie closed her eyes. “Which the bomb they dropped tonight explains.” Her voice was calm and collected, but the way she avoided his gaze indicated she wasn’t as composed as she would have him think. 
He rolled his eyes. This was ridiculous. “So,”—he smiled—“how did Barbara talk you into moving here?”
“I was desperate to get out of Houston. Even though the FAA cleared Dan of any pilot error, the families who’d lost loved ones still acted as if he’d been at fault.”
“You weren’t worried about Emma changing schools her senior year?”
“Of course I was, but she was depressed and insisted she wanted out of Texas. Barb pointed out a town with a sign that says Welcome to Redemption—A stone’s throw from New Hope and less than two hours to Paradise would be a great place to get away from our memories.”
His chuckle warped into a cynical snort. “Instead, you ended up with your worst memory teaching your daughter—and his kid dating her.”
“I wouldn’t call you my worst memory. My ruptured appendix five years ago ranks pretty high on things I’d like to forget.”
“Thanks.”
“And as for worrying about Emma, it wasn’t as if we’d never moved before. Dan accepted transfers every year or two.”
“That’s really tough on a kid.” He offered her a mint from the bowl on the counter. “So it seems you didn’t end up going to medical school after all.”
She shook her head, refusing the nugget of peppermint. “That was my mother’s dream, not mine. I’m a reading specialist at the middle school.”
“You mentioned it on the phone once.”
“I thought we were going to discuss what to do about our kids’ situation?”
Obviously, she didn’t want to get into their past anymore than he did. “I think that should wait another fifteen minutes until we get to my house where there’ll be no distractions.”
“Unlike you, I’m having a little more trouble staying composed. Right now, I’d like to castrate your son.”
“You mean I’m not on your hit list, too?”
“Oh, did I fail to mention you’re at the top of it?”
“Believe me, I’m as upset as you are. I simply think it’ll be more productive to wait to hash this out at my place when we can devote our full attention to the problem.” 
She nodded her agreement, but the tension in her spine suggested she’d rather face the gallows than step foot in his home. 
Their common ground as teachers was the perfect topic to fill the time together without pushing each other’s hot buttons. “I guess since you only see a few select students each year you probably aren’t familiar with one of the eighth-graders I’m interested in.”
“I might be.” She shrugged offhandedly. “I also teach two sections of reading enrichment to the main student body. The course is aimed at improving their reading speed and comprehension in order to bolster their study skills before they move up to the high school.”
He raised his eyebrows and popped one of the mints into his mouth. “Do you by any chance have Simon Newberry in one of those classes?”
“I wish I did. I’m sorry to say, he’s part of my select few group. By rights, he should be going into his junior year, except he was held back in sixth grade. I’d like to retain him again, but Mrs. Newberry’s concerned he’ll feel out of place because of his age and size. She’s insisting she wants her son pushed ahead.”
“Good.” Jake chuckled and plucked a fifty out of his wallet to give to the cashier. “With my son graduating, I need the kid. The Pop Warner coach invited me to see Simon play last fall. He’s nearly as fast as Alex was in eighth grade. And he’s got a hell of an arm.”
She expelled a giant huff. “Don’t you think it’s more important for him to be able to read than throw a stinking football?”
So much for not pushing her buttons. “Of course. I was kidding. How bad is his reading? I played with lots of guys in college who weren’t all that literate, but they muddled through with extra help.”
“A fourth grader can read better than Simon.”
“Oooh.” Jake sucked a breath through his teeth. “That is bad. What about tutoring this summer?”
“His mother is a single parent, earning only a little more than minimum wage. I told her I’d tutor Simon for free, but it seems as if she and the kid have both given up. Neither of them will accept that, no matter how well Simon does in football, he has no shot at the NFL unless he gets into a decent college.”
That certainly wouldn’t happen if the kid was still reading Green Eggs and Ham.
After Jake received his change, he followed Maggie to her light blue Camry. He reached to open the driver’s door for her, and their wrists collided. Time seemed to stand still for a split second before she yanked her hand back as if he’d spilled hydrochloric acid on it.
“Sorry,” he muttered and swung open the door. As she slid behind the wheel, her short skirt hiked up, exposing nearly the full length of her thigh. He’d forgotten how incredible her legs were, which was unusual on someone so tiny.
At his age, it generally took a lot more than the sight of a woman’s legs to turn him on. His gaze insisted on making the journey north just as she yanked down her hem. Damn. Did she still wear those prissy white cotton schoolgirl panties, or had she graduated to silk and lace?
He had to get a grip on himself, or the next thing he knew, his imagination would have him shoving her against the car and banging her right there.
After nineteen years of obsessing over Maggie, he should have learned that entertaining fantasies like that would only make him want her more. Closing his eyes, he forced himself to visualize the high school’s estrogen-challenged gym teacher naked. The mental image of Miss Hutchins’ muscle-bound birthday suit never failed to cool his passion. Until now.
Strolling around to the passenger side of the car, he glanced at the far end of the parking lot as he slid into the warm bucket seat. Alex’s convertible still sat there with its top down. His son was much too busy swabbing Emma’s tonsils to be doing any talking.
Jake jerked his head toward the Aston Martin and smirked at Maggie. “So, what do you think of the ride my son’s taking your daughter on? Rather scenic, wouldn’t you say?”
Maggie turned toward Alex’s sports car and gasped. “After what they just told us, I can’t believe those brats have the audacity to make out in public where we can’t help but see them. It’s as if they’re thumbing their noses at us.”
“I doubt that was their intention. In fact, I’m sure they’re not thinking about us at all.”
“At least they can’t get into too much trouble in a busy parking lot.” 
How the hell much more trouble did she think they could get into than they already had? “I hope you’re not deluding yourself that the only time my son has been intimate with your daughter was the night he got her pregnant.”
There wasn’t a doubt in his mind Alex was enjoying the freedom of not having to close the barn door since the whole herd had already gotten out.
A wrinkle creased Maggie’s forehead. “You think they’re having sex regularly?”
“O-kaaay....” A cynical snort escaped him. “That tells me how much you know about the relationship between eighteen-year-old boys and their joysticks.”
“And why would I know anything about that? Remember? My mother never let me near any teenage boys—let alone their willies. As you may recall, yours was the first.”
As if he could ever forget the look of awe on her face when he’d taken her innocence or the shock and guilt he’d felt the next morning on discovering how young she’d actually been.
“Thanks for reminding me. I might have forgotten if you hadn’t. Allow me to educate you. At twenty-three, I had the restraint of a saint compared to a guy Alex’s age. I guarantee my son’s taking advantage of every opportunity he can to get Emma naked.”
Maggie glanced over at their kids. Her mouth twisted in a derisive smile as she started the engine. “If he’s anything like you, I don’t doubt it. But I wouldn’t lay all the responsibility for their behavior at Alex’s door. My daughter doesn’t appear to be lacking enthusiasm.”
“Do me a favor and pull into the space next to theirs so I can give them hell.” Jake lowered the window while she drove across the lot. Alex and Emma were so caught up in their heavy breathing session, they didn’t notice when the Toyota parked parallel to them.
Jake cleared his throat loudly. “That’s some talk you’re having with Emma, Son.”
The kids sprung apart like two magnets with opposite polarity.
“Maybe I ought to sell tickets.” He raised a disapproving eyebrow. “It could help support you when the school board denies my tenure after they hear their Marriage and Family teacher can’t even get his own son to keep his fly zipped.”
Emma scooted back over the console into the passenger seat as Alex turned a deep shade of pink and glared at him.
“Don’t look at me like that,” Jake said. “On one hand, you’re trying to convince us you’re mature enough to take on marriage and a baby, and then you turn around and pull a stunt like this. Adults don’t make out in parking lots in broad daylight—especially with the convertible top down.” He nodded toward Emma. “If you love Em as much as you claim, you should respect her enough to refrain from swapping spit in public.”
“Thank you for defending her, Jake,” Maggie glared past him at her daughter. “But she’s just as guilty as your son. Emma should have enough respect for herself to insist they wait until they’re alone.”
Alex glanced over at Emma and then turned back to Jake, his eyes downcast. “I’m sorry. You’re right. I lost my head.”
“That doesn’t cut it. From what I’m seeing, getting married is the least of your worries. Neither of you is showing enough maturity to raise a baby. And believe me, if I don’t see some before your child is born, Emma’s mom and I will petition the court for custody of our grandchild until you two grow up.”
Horror played across his son’s face as the gravity of what Jake had threatened sunk in.
“Drive carefully and be home by eleven.”
Alex’s mouth hung open for a split second. “But, Da-ad, it’s Friday night.”
Jake slapped his own face in mock surprise. “Gee, so it is. I guess that makes tomorrow, Saturday, huh? I’d think a responsible guy who’s about to have a pile of doctor bills rolling in would be out early in the morning, pounding the pavement.”
Even to his own ears his sarcasm seemed a bit extreme. But the kid needed a wake-up call, and Jake wouldn’t be doing his son any favors by making things easy for him.
Huffing, Alex started the Vantage and gunned the four hundred and twenty horsepower engine. “Whatever.”
Which loosely translated meant—Bug off. Hasta la vista, Baby. We’re outta here.
Jake shook his head. If that was the most articulate response a National Merit Scholar could come up with, the country was in big, big trouble.
~*~
Margie pulled out of the parking lot in the opposite direction from Alex, torn between fury and admiration for the way Jake had handled the kids and the dry wit he’d used to make his point. Although, she doubted Alex shared her opinion of his father’s direct, no-nonsense approach.
She glanced at Jake and smiled. “I wouldn’t have known what to say. You were great.”
“I don’t know about that. My ex-wife would tell you my flair for sarcasm is my least attractive trait. But in this case, I’m hoping it’ll light a fire under my kid’s butt and inspire him to make me wrong.”
She stepped on the brake as the traffic signal changed to red. “You mentioned something about the board letting you go. Don’t you already have tenure?”
“Nope. I just started teaching in this district three years ago. I’m eligible this coming year, but the board has been dragging their heels on my contract for the next term.”
“I’m sure they’ll offer you one. I’ve heard wonderful things about you from other parents.” The light switched to green, and she stepped on the gas. “And after seeing you in action with our kids, I understand why your classes are overfilled.”
“I think that has more to do with the fact we discuss sex openly.” He laughed. “That’s part of the problem with my tenure. You know Howard Carmichael, the school board president?”
“Yes, unfortunately.” She shuddered, recalling her meeting with the pervert chiropractor. “His younger son, Kevin, is in my reading enrichment class. Last fall, Dr. Carmichael and his wife separated for a while.”
“Really? I hadn’t heard about that.”
“It was just for a few months.” Margie shrugged. “But he attended the parent/teacher conference alone and spent the entire time coming on to me.”
“You should’ve lodged a complaint with the superintendent.”
“That would’ve been tough since seeing Carmichael’s lewd expression was vital to catching the meaning of his veiled remarks. Except when he actually asked me to dinner on his way out of the classroom. He patted his fly and assured me he had a whole lot to offer a lonely young widow like me.”
“You’re kidding, right?”
“Nope.” Margie shook her head. “I’m surprised you didn’t hear about this. A group of parents in the hallway overheard us. They spread the story afterward about how I humiliated him.”
“I can’t wait to hear your answer.”
“I simply smiled sweetly and said, ‘Thanks anyway, but I’m allergic to penicillin, so I’ll have to pass.’”
Jake dropped his head back and laughed, reminding her how much she’d loved the sound. “Man, I would’ve loved to see the look on old Howie’s face.”
“I’ve never seen a human being turn that particular shade of red before. He glowed like Rudolph’s nose after he saw how many parents were standing behind him.” She smiled sideways at Jake. “So what kind of trouble has he been stirring up for you?”
“I’ve already been hauled before the board once for an informal hearing about the provocative content in my Marriage and Family class.”
Despite the goose bumps already traipsing down her bare arms, she cranked up the air conditioner in order to vent Jake’s masculine smell from the car. Breathing his scent had put every nerve in her body on full alert.
“So how’d a Dr. Phil wannabe end up teaching in the family and consumer science department?” she asked. “You were already halfway through your master’s in psych when we met.”
“I guess you could say my dreams got derailed by life. Having Alex and being on the road so much with the team made it hard to attend classes—even at night.”
“Been there, done that.” Even though Emma had already started school by the time Margie enrolled in college, it had been tough being a wife, mother, and full-time student.
“So when you quit playing ball, why didn’t you go back for your doctorate then? Financially speaking, you should’ve been pretty well set after winning two Super Bowls.”
“I could’ve, but I didn’t want to spend what I’d invested. My mom’s illness left my dad in debt up to his eyeballs. During the first two years I played ball, I paid off her medical bills and his house and put a million away for him so he could retire.”
“Wow.” It was hard to dislike such a generous man.
“He deserved it. Unfortunately, Roxanne wasn’t used to economizing. Everything she bought had a designer label. Part of the reason I hung up my cleats was to give her and Alex a more normal home life.”
“I figured you would become a sports announcer or something. Wasn’t it hard to simply walk away from professional football?”
Jake shrugged. “I get enough of the pros as a guest commentator during some of the bigger games. It’s not something I’d want to do all the time.”
She could understand that. “So why’d you switch from Psych to Family and Consumer Science?”
“I had to. Skinner, Piaget, and Maslow only scratched the surface of what I wanted to teach the kids. So I took the Praxis exam for dual certification.”
She couldn’t believe this was the same man who’d made love to her so tenderly and then married someone else without giving her a second thought. Witnessing what a wonderful father Jake had become fed her resentment.
The sudden lull in the conversation cranked up the tension in the car several notches. She glanced away from the country lane for a moment and discovered Jake studying her like an alcoholic staring at a cold six-pack—as if he were dying for a drink but knew one sip….
“So,” she said, breaking the uncomfortable silence and jerking her gaze back to the road, “I guess your old district wouldn’t let you slide over to that department, huh?”
“Only if I wanted to put on an apron and teach traditional home economics courses.” He shrugged one shoulder. “I don’t expect to be teaching for more than a few more years, anyway.”
“Then what?” The man was way too young to be thinking about retirement.
“Well, I haven’t given up my plans to be a psychotherapist,” he explained. “After Roxanne left, I went back to get my doctorate. It was tough finding a grad school where I could do it in the evenings, but I’m working on finishing my dissertation, now. I’m specializing in adolescents.”
“I’m impressed.” It couldn’t have been easy for him, what with being a single parent and teaching.
“My dad was a big help with Alex.” He pointed toward the intersection ahead. “You do know how to get to my house, don’t you?”
She flipped on her right blinker. “Yes. Emma raves about it every time we pass it.”
“Well, I’m not looking forward to rattling around alone in it come August.”
If the kids got their way, Emma would be leaving home even before then. Margie prayed her daughter would change her mind about getting married. She’d always wanted another baby anyway. They could buy a house with a big backyard, and Margie could baby-sit while Emma went to college in the evenings. The prospect of her daughter moving out wouldn’t be so depressing if Dan were still alive. Margie didn’t know how she would stand the lonely meals without Emma’s chatter or the silent evenings with no music blaring in her daughter’s bedroom while she studied. 
A half mile down the rural road, she pulled the Camry into the long driveway leading up to the sprawling one-story stone house overlooking a breathtaking panorama of farmland being gobbled up by upscale housing subdivisions at an alarming rate. Jake’s home had to be close to four-thousand square feet and sat on a rise with a small pond and a beautiful gazebo behind it, all backlit by the promise of a gorgeous sunset.
He nodded toward his front door. “Okay. Let’s sit down with a glass of iced tea and discuss what to do with the kids.”
Just as long as the only thing on his agenda was a conversation about their children. “Okay, but I can’t stay too long.”
Spending an entire evening squirming under Jake Manion’s bone-melting gaze ranked extremely high on her list of tortures to avoid. Like somewhere between having a tooth pulled and a Brazilian bikini wax.
And having unwanted hair ripped from her privates was sounding better and better.
 
 
 
Chapter 4

Margie reluctantly turned off the engine and followed Jake into a large foyer and winced at the click-clack of her heels against the obviously expensive hardwood floor. Glancing into a formal dining and living room on either side of her, she let him lead her past a powder room to the back of the house.
The center hall spilled into the dining area of a huge combination country kitchen and immense family room where the door to what appeared to be a study sat ajar. She swept her hand around the great room and pointed to the enormous flat screen television. “Now, I understand why Alex wants to live here. You could show movies and charge admission.”
“Actually, my team watches games here a lot. As long as they bring their own snacks and keep the noise down to a low roar so I can work, I don’t mind. But they each have to ante up for drinks from my fridge so I’m sure no one’s sneaking any booze in.
“Doesn’t that get a little intrusive? I mean, all those kids underfoot must make having a private life a challenge.” 
Jake leaned against the wall and smirked. “As my son would say—what private life?”
“Uhh, I didn’t mean that as a fishing expedition for information on your love life. I assure you that’s the last thing I have any interest in.” 
Liar.
The man’s lethal sex appeal started her heart knocking against her breastbone like a woodpecker’s beak. Even though he’d left her with wounds that had never healed, she couldn’t help but admire his dedication to the kids.
Playing ball at the high school could be just what Simon needed. Jake might even be able to convince him to continue working with her.
She tipped her head back and gazed up at Jake. “Tell me something. How badly do you want Simon Newberry to play for you next year?”
“Very badly. But I don’t want his education compromised. Besides, his grades would probably make him ineligible.”
“I have a proposition to make.”
“Really?” He wiggled his eyebrows. “This could get interesting.”
Heat crept up her neck. Wasn’t the tension from their situation wearing on his nerves, too? His levity—lewd though it might be—was a welcome respite. “I’m talking about a deal between us.”
“Damn.” He snapped his fingers. “Okay. I’m listening.”
“I’ll recommend promoting Simon to the high school if you’ll make his participation on the team conditional on him working out with you and tutoring with me several times a week this summer. I think his biggest problem is poor self-esteem.”
“It’ll have to be an informal workout at my house. It’s against the rules for me to hold preseason training sessions more than twenty-five days before our first official game.”
“That’s fine. I don’t care if he even touches a football. I’m simply hoping you can use a little of your psychology training to help boost Simon’s confidence and make him more receptive to my teaching.”
“Deal.” Jake held out his hand to shake. “You know it might help if you used some sports magazines instead of a fifth grade primer to teach him.”
“Duhhh.” She smacked her forehead. “If only I’d thought of assigning something that actually interested him. Simon could’ve been reading War and Peace by now.”
One corner of Jake’s mouth turned up. “I guess I just made an ass of myself, huh?” He shrugged one of his he-man shoulders. “Nothing new.” Linking his callused fingers with hers, he tugged her toward the hall. “Come on, I’ll give you the twenty-five cent tour.”
He led her down the corridor at the end of the family room to three spacious bedrooms. The first one looked as if the movie Twister had been filmed in it. She picked up a dirty sock from the back of the desk chair and wrinkled her nose. “Your son is delusional if he thinks my daughter will put up with living in a pigsty like this.”
“Good. Maybe he’ll clean up his act.”
She wouldn’t mention that, up until the previous fall, Emma’s room had looked nearly as bad. Then she’d met Alex.
After showing her the two guest rooms, Jake guided her to the double doors at the end of the hall and into the lavish master suite, obviously designed and decorated with seduction in mind.
A see-through fireplace separated the large sitting area from the bedroom, which had a huge whirlpool tub situated near the door to the luxurious bathroom. The romantic suite inspired the mental image of a steamy bubble bath in front of a roaring fire, giving birth to an envious moan Jake couldn’t help but hear. Her cheeks blazed when he moved closer as if he too imagined soaking in the huge tub together.
Her good sense must have flown the coop. Why else would she have let him maneuver her into his bedroom thirty seconds after entering his home?
 “The house is beautiful. I love all the little extra built-ins.”
“My builder, Ben Danvers, gets the credit for that.”
 She strolled to the bed and dragged her hand over the gray satin comforter and studied the drapes’ geometric silver and plum pattern. Now she understood why her daughter was so impressed with the house. The plush carpet made marshmallows seem hard, and everywhere she turned, she found some upscale amenity. “If this is only the twenty-five cent tour, I don’t want to know what I’d see for a buck.”
“Oh, that tour would include my playroom in the basement.”
“Your playroom?” Wonderful. He probably had an S&M sex dungeon in the basement.
“Yeah. There’s a weight room and gym with all sorts of workout equipment. And the rec room has ping-pong, pool, and air-hockey tables with a couple of computer gaming systems. I’ve always figured the best way to prevent my kid from getting into trouble is to keep him and his friends where I can keep tabs on them.”
A lot of good that had done with Alex and her daughter.
“Well, Emma didn’t exaggerate. Your house is gorgeous, and very tastefully decorated.”
“I can’t take credit for the décor, either,” Jake said as he led her back to the kitchen. “A lady friend helped me.”
“I thought you had no life.”
“Uhh—I don’t really. It’s complicated.”
In other words, he didn’t want to discuss his relationship with the woman.
He pulled a pitcher out of the refrigerator while Margie poked her head into the laundry room and saw a door she assumed led to the three attached garages she’d seen from the outside. It pained her to admit it, but Emma would be crazy not to prefer living in a home like Jake’s. 
The grinding of the ice dispenser sliced through the quiet kitchen as he filled two glasses. “Emma talks about her father quite a lot. She seems to really miss him.”
“Well, she was her daddy’s girl. If the crash hadn’t killed Dan, Emma’s pregnancy would have.” Especially since she was carrying Alex’s baby. Sharing a grandchild with Margie’s ex-lover would’ve been the end of Dan’s sanity.
The scent of fresh lemon tickled her nose as Jake handed her one of the glasses of iced tea. “It makes me wonder if losing her dad might have had something to do with her pregnancy. A lack of a paternal affection frequently pushes girls into becoming sexually active. And for one reason or another, quite often teens subconsciously want to get pregnant.”
Margie’s own father had walked out when she was just a baby. Had Jake believed the same thing about her nineteen years ago? She narrowed her gaze. “Are you suggesting my daughter deliberately let herself get—”
“No, please, that’s not what I meant.” He raised his hands in a gesture of surrender. “I’m including Alex in that statement. A lot of teens unconsciously screw up their lives on purpose. For that matter, not just kids—adults do the same thing. The subject of my dissertation is Methods of Identifying Adolescents and Young Adults Prone to Self-sabotage and Means of Intervention.”
Their history was making her overly sensitive.
“Creating a crisis situation gives a kid an excuse to fail or a reason to avoid whatever he doesn’t want to face. It can also be a way to punish his parents or even himself.”
“But sometimes it’s just purely accidental, right?”
“Sure,” he admitted. “Except, more than three-quarters of a million teens get pregnant every year. That seems like way too many to be just a bunch of mishaps—especially nowadays with all the information and contraception available.”
He smiled down at her and sighed. “All I’m saying is sometimes there are hidden reasons behind our major blunders. Hell, I was so freaked out about getting married I jumped into bed with you six weeks before my wedding.”
If she’d had any sense, she would’ve shoved him right back out of that bed on his gorgeous behind.
Staring up at him, she gnawed on her lower lip. “I suppose now you’re going to claim I let you seduce me because I wanted to punish my mother for trying to control my life.”
He tipped her chin up as his half-lidded gaze studied her mouth, and he whispered, “Well, didn’t you?”
Okay. So maybe she did. But rehashing their painful past wouldn’t resolve their kids’ situation. The faster they settled how to handle them, the sooner she could go home.
~*~
Damn, but he wanted to kiss her. Jake stared at Maggie’s soft pout and every drop of blood fled his brain. He hadn’t experienced this kind of burning need for a woman in years. Why did she have to be the one who stoked his fire?
He gritted his teeth, resisting the intense urge to pull her into his arms. “Emma told me her father was already an airline pilot before she was born.” His voice grated from his parched throat. “He must’ve been quite a bit older than you.”
“Fifteen years.”
Bingo. She’d wanted a father instead of a husband. Had Maggie gotten pregnant right away because she’d felt guilty about their baby? It wasn’t unusual for a girl to deliberately conceive again after an abortion.
Her silence made it clear she didn’t care to explain the circumstances of her marriage.
He led her into the family room and placed their drinks on the coffee table. Once she settled on the couch, he sank onto the cushion next to her. “So what do you think we should do about the kids?”
“What can we do?” She sighed. “You heard Alex. If they’re determined to get married, we can’t stop them.” She looked over at Jake and pursed her lips. “Do you think either of them has any idea how much their lives will change once they become parents?”
Was that why she’d ended her pregnancy? Had she suddenly realized her life would no longer be her own?
“No, Maggie. I don’t think anyone has a clue until it actually happens. It takes that first night pacing the floor with a sick baby before it hits you your life will never be the same.”
“You’re right. Ever since Emma was born, I haven’t been able to listen to the news without thanking God it isn’t my daughter they’re talking about. When Leah Sutton was killed in the accident with her boyfriend, I wanted to lock Emma in her room and never let her into Alex’s car again.”
“Maybe you should’ve.” He snorted. “They might not have gotten into this mess.” He stared at his sweating glass on the table. “I guess the thing that shocked me most about becoming a father was discovering how little my own happiness suddenly mattered.”
“I know. Emma thinks she loves Alex now.” Maggie sighed. “She hasn’t an inkling of how much that love will grow once she sees him fall asleep rocking their child.”
Jake’s chest ached at the thought of the baby he’d never had the chance to hold. And now they were going to share a grandchild. Somehow he had to get past his bitterness. Except even the hours of therapy his clinical training required hadn’t done a thing to rid him of his resentment.
Despite his feelings toward Maggie, all he’d been able to think about since she walked into the diner was stripping her naked and burying himself inside her. Only a masochist would still ache for a woman who’d caused him so much heartache.
He swallowed hard past the pain clogging his throat. “For Alex, that revelation will be when he comes home to dinner burning because Emma’s too busy playing peek-a-boo.”
Margie’s mouth quirked into a half smile. “Dan ended up ordering a lot of take-out while Emma was a baby.” She glanced over at him as he picked up both glasses from the table and handed her one. “So what’d you mean when you asked what I thought we should do about the kids?”
He took a long swallow of his iced tea. “What I’m struggling with is how easy to make this for them. The father in me wants to buy them a house near the campus and hire live-in help so Em can go to school and devote herself to the baby and Alex. But the psychologist half of me says the kids won’t ever mature if we coddle them.”
“You’re right. The more help we give them, the less reason they’ll have to grow up.”
“And, with a baby on the way, that sure isn’t something they can take their time doing.”
She absently circled her finger over the rim of her glass. “I just hate to see Alex give up a chance at a professional football career. And I really want Em to go to college.”
“That’s all going to happen, Rosebud.” Before his endearment finished passing his lips, he cursed himself. The hitch in her breath said she’d noticed that, despite his bitterness, he’d never been able to stop thinking of her that way.
He continued quickly, hoping to distract her. “Naturally, we won’t tell the kids that. I want them to have to work. Especially since my ex-father-in-law has plans to groom Alex to eventually take over Warrington Enterprises. I’d like my son to have the satisfaction of making it on his own before he gets so much handed to him.”
Jake pursed his lips, considering several ways they could motivate the kids. “How does this sound to you? I’ll match every dollar the kids come up with. And any expense for Emma’s tuition or books, I’ll pay for outright. That should give them some incentive, don’t you think?”
She set her iced tea on the coaster. “I’ve put money away for Em’s education from Dan’s life insurance. The airline took good care of us.”
“Look, Maggie, if my son marries Emma, her schooling should be his responsibility.” Hell, for a few awful moments earlier that evening, Jake had thought she could be his daughter. “I guess Em got her gray eyes and dark hair from her dad, huh?”
Maggie squeezed her eyes shut and nodded. “You may not remember him, but you met Dan.  He was the copilot on the flight we took back to San Francisco. He recognized you from the Sports Illustrated cover the week you were chosen as the NFL’s first draft pick and asked you for your autograph for his neighbor’s son.”
Reaching back into his memory, Jake winced inwardly at a renewed stab of jealousy. He’d hated the way the good-looking copilot had teased and flirted with Maggie and how she’d smiled at the lecher.
She shifted next to him on the sofa. “Do you remember him?”
“Vaguely,” he lied, propping a foot on the coffee table. “How’d you hook up with him?”
“After the way my mother treated me, I couldn’t take living with her. So as soon as I graduated, I left home and ran into Dan again at the airport.”
Perhaps the sparks Jake had detected between her and Bradford had succeeded where his arguments had failed to convince her she’d misinterpreted lust for love. If she’d been that attracted to the man, her feelings for Jake couldn’t have been all that deep.
Her speedy marriage proved she hadn’t aborted Jake’s baby because she hadn’t been ready for marriage and a family. She simply hadn’t wanted to marry him.
“You two must’ve gotten serious pretty fast to have had Emma so soon.”
“I wanted to get as far away from my mother as possible after I left, so I went to the airport with the plan of getting on a standby flight to L.A.” 
“Why Los Angeles?” 
“It was the cheapest place I could go that was too far away for my mother to find me. So meeting Dan again that day was like having my fairy godfather appear. When I told him my situation, he offered to fly me back to New Jersey and let me stay with him until I found a job.”
“Fairy godfather?” Jake sputtered. “Cut me a break. The guy had a decade and a half on you and wanted to get into your pants. Please don’t tell me you were gullible enough to think he wanted to adopt you.”
“No.” She chuckled. “I knew exactly what his agenda was. Dan nearly swallowed his tongue when I told him I’d just turned eighteen. He’d assumed I was about as old as you since you’d introduced me as your fiancée.” She rolled her eyes. “You of all people should understand how he could’ve made that mistake.”
True. She’d seemed awfully mature. “You’re lucky he turned out to be such an honorable guy.”
“I guess.” She shrugged. “My gut told me he wasn’t the sort of man to force me to do anything I wasn’t ready for.”
Jake narrowed his gaze. “Meaning—I was?”
“No, that’s not what I meant.”
“Sorry.” He sipped his iced tea. “I guess that was just my guilty conscience rearing its ugly head.”
Had Maggie at least felt a twinge of remorse when she held Emma the first time? It astounded him that the woman who’d been responsible for driving Roxanne over the edge with jealousy was about to become his son’s mother-in-law.
He couldn’t begin to count the nights he’d dreamed about seeing Maggie again. Except in his fantasies, they didn’t just sit and talk like this. In his most frequent dream, he carried her into the bedroom, brought her to the brink, and left her sobbing her need for him.
Another scenario had him banging her brains out against the wall and then casting her aside. For the first year of his marriage, he’d repeatedly punished Maggie in his sleep and tortured himself and Roxanne in the process.
The tightness in his jeans now proved what a true sicko he was. 
Then again, maybe a few nights in Maggie’s bed were just what he needed to end his twisted obsession. Although, after nineteen long years, it would most likely exacerbate the problem. Making love to her would either cure him or kill him.
~*~
Margie bit her lip, stung by Jake’s attack on her husband’s character. She refused to boost his ego, telling him how she’d burst into tears when she’d seen the news coverage of his wedding while sitting in the airport that day, and how Dan had held her and comforted her all afternoon.
It hadn’t escaped her notice when Jake reminded his son that he hoped to reconcile with Alex’s mother. Roxanne’s picture on the mantel testified to how much Jake must still love her.
“Your ex-wife is beautiful.” She gestured toward the fireplace. “Maybe our grandchild will inherit her gorgeous red hair.”
“I suppose it’s possible. But I’m sure a shared grandchild isn’t what your cousin had in mind when she orchestrated our reunion.”
“No, I think it was an attempt to atone for her past sins.”
“By matchmaking?” He snorted, obviously finding the idea as preposterous as she did.
Too many years had passed, and Margie had been hurt too much to ever consider getting involved with Jake again. Not to mention, she could never betray Dan by having an affair with the man who’d inspired so much jealousy. She’d never forget the hurt in Dan’s eyes several years after they were married when he discovered the copies of Sports Illustrated hidden in her bottom dresser drawer with Jake’s picture on every single one.
She rasped past the lump in her throat, “I never expected you to have a son Alex’s age.”
Roxanne’s pregnancy must have been the reason Jake ignored the certified letter Margie sent, explaining her abortion. When she called him to tell him about their baby, she was groggy from the sedative. Jake hung up on her before she had a chance to fully explain. Her mistake had been waiting until she was clearheaded the following morning to call him back—after her mother had thrown out his unlisted phone number.
Less than a week later, the green delivery confirmation postcard arrived with his signature, leaving no doubt he’d received her letter. Perhaps, by then, he’d learned Roxanne was expecting.
“Alex’s arrival came as a bit of a surprise to us, too.” Jake chuckled. “You’d never guess to look at him today he was born almost two months premature.”
Okay. So much for that excuse. She had to face the truth. Jake had simply been relieved to be let off the hook—just as her mother had insisted he would be.
“Roxy never let me forget that I finished playing the Super Bowl after my coach got the call to let me know she’d gone into premature labor. She couldn’t understand, if I’d sat on the sidelines worrying while they chartered a flight for me, it wouldn’t have gotten me home any sooner.”
“Did you win?”
“Not that year. But two years later we did.” He tipped his head and studied her. “You had to have known I was Emma’s teacher. Why the hell didn’t you tell me who you were the first time I called your house?”
Good question. All her reasoning eight months ago now seemed ridiculous. “Would you believe because I’m a coward? I kept hoping they’d get tired of each other and break up. After I didn’t fess up the first time we spoke, it just got harder to say anything.” She glanced at her watch. “I should get home so I’m there when Emma comes in. She may need to talk.”
He followed Margie out to her car and opened the driver’s door for her. “So—should I assume from the way you pretended not to know me you don’t want to tell the kids about us?”
She didn’t even want to discuss it with him, let alone her daughter. “Do you want them to know?”
“Not really. Except I’ve found when people try to hide the truth it usually finds a way of coming out. And telling them our story could convince the kids we might know what we’re talking about.”
“True. But if the kids get married, won’t knowing about us make things terribly awkward for them? I think they have enough to deal with right now without complicating the situation with our ancient history.”
“I suppose you’re right. Besides,”—he grinned, turning her knees to Silly Putty as he stepped closer—“every family needs a few skeletons to clutter up the closet.” Two shimmering orbs of quicksilver stared down at her, making her heart play hopscotch in her chest. “It would probably be a good idea to get together with the kids again tomorrow so we can discuss their plans a little further.”
“O-okay.” She gulped. “Since you covered supper this evening, why don’t you and Alex come to my place? I’ll throw something on the grill.”
As soon as the invitation popped out of her mouth, she wished she could stuff it back in.
“Are you sure?” He lifted one dark brow.
Evidently her expression must have reflected her dread of spending another tension-filled evening with him. “Of course, I’m sure.” She forced a smile. “Emma and I would love to have you for dinner.”
“And I’d be happy to join you.” He winked at her. “Just so long as you’re not planning to serve me charbroiled.”
Okay, so the man was a damn mind reader.
 
 
 
Chapter 5

Jake breathed the scent of the flowers planted along the covered porch while he watched Maggie’s taillights fade on the narrow lane. As he closed the door, his stomach growled like an angry pit bull, reminding him he hadn’t eaten much dinner. He wandered into the kitchen to fix himself an omelet, and the memories of the night he met Maggie assaulted him.
It’d been the last weekend in April, right after becoming the NFL’s first draft pick. His teammates had planned a party to celebrate.
His college roommate, Chris Dillon, slapped him on the back that night. “Come on, Scout, we’ll be late for your bash.”
Jake hauled his six-foot-two body off the dilapidated sofa they’d picked out of the Los Angeles trash two years before. “I don’t know why you guys are doing this. You know I hate these things.”
Chris grabbed him by his black T-shirt and dragged him out the door of their campus apartment. “Yeah, but we needed an excuse to get a keg. Besides, I asked Barbie to bring a date for you. As guest of honor, you’ve got first crack.”
“Gherkin, do you ever think about anything besides football, beer, or sex?”
“No.” Chris laughed. “But I don’t obsess in quite that order. You know, since you got engaged, you’ve become a real drag.”
“Well, that may not be for long.” Jake heaved a weary sigh. “I think I blew it proposing to Roxanne.”
Chris’s light brown eyebrows shot up along with the corners of his mouth. “Oh? Trouble in paradise?”
Jake trudged down the hallway after his roommate, dragging his feet as if he were heading toward death row. “You could say that. When Roxy’s father offered to fly her out here for a few days before she left for Europe, I gave her some lame excuse that the draft had distracted me, so I’d be too busy studying. Now, tell me turning down the chance to get laid so I could avoid discussing the wedding isn’t sick.”
“Then call it off.” Chris punched the elevator button. “Hell, by the time you finish training camp, you’ll have so much beaver hanging around, you’ll need one of them to gnaw you a splint to keep your dick up.”
“I don’t know.” Jake shoved his hands in his pockets. “My dad thinks I’m just having doubts ‘cause Roxanne and I haven’t seen each other much in the last nine months.”
“Of course he’s gonna tell you to go through with it.” Chris smacked Jake lightly on the back of his head, knocking the forelock of his flyaway hair into his eyes. “She’s a freaking heiress—and doesn’t he work for her father?”
His dad had kissed Alexander Warrington’s ass for twenty years and commuted an hour to Manhattan every day so their family could live in a school district with a topnotch football program.
“Exactly. I owe my old man for helping me get where I am.” Not to mention, the recent loss of Jake’s mother, whom his dad loved more than life itself, made it hard for him to understand Jake’s ambivalence.
Jake stepped off the elevator behind his roommate and could feel the beat of music pounding through the floor from all the way down the hall.
Chris shook his head. “Don’t do it. In a few years, you’ll be raking in so much dough your father will be able to retire.”
The wedding was scheduled for two weeks after Roxanne’s return. Jake only had until the end of June to make up his mind.
“Whatever you decide,” Chris said, “don’t say anything to the guys. They planned this shindig as sort of a combination first draft pick/bachelor party for you.”
“Fine, just promise you won’t bring some girl back with you and take over our room again tonight. I’ve been stuck on that rack of a sofa all week. I’m beat.”
“Quit blaming your insomnia on the couch.” Chris slapped him on the shoulder. “You can’t sleep ‘cause you haven’t gotten your rocks off since you went home for winter break. This girl Barbie’s hired is gonna fix you right up.”
“Forget it. Even if I weren’t engaged, you know how I feel about hookers.”
Chris opened the door to the suite where the party was already in full swing. “That’s why I told her to get someone who specializes in guys who like their tail sweet. She told me this girl has less experience than she does.”
Jake had dated Barbara a few times until he discovered the Bo Derek look-alike was screwing the whole first string of his team. “Considering you’re comparing the girl to a nympho, that’s hardly a recommendation.”
Chris shoved him through the door. “Relax. By the time the evening’s over, you’ll be swearin’ she still has her cherry.”
Jake followed him to the keg and filled two plastic cups. Chris scanned the smoky room and nudged him in the ribs. “I believe that fox in the glasses is your date.”
A tiny, studious-looking girl stood a few feet away, drinking a glass of punch, and wearing a pale pink sundress with a line of tiny pearl buttons down its front. Her dress’s short hem revealed a killer set of bare legs and made her stand out like rosebud in a weed patch next to the other girls in their skimpy tank tops and tight jeans. 
Opie, the team’s redheaded wide receiver, was moving in fast, followed by a couple of other guys. The top of her tawny head barely reached any of their chins.
“You’ve gotta hand it to Barb, she knows how to fill an order.” Chris chuckled and took one of the full cups from Jake. “I told her you like your women brainy. The specs are a nice touch, don’t you think?”
“Very nice.” The girl’s sexy pout was the only contradiction to her pure schoolgirl image. “That can’t be her.”
“Wait here and I’ll go find out.” Chris chugged his beer and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. Jake inhaled the yeasty bouquet as he sipped his drink and watched while his roommate pushed the circling vultures aside to introduce himself.
“Hi, there.” Chris sidled up to the young lady, and the room quieted while someone switched the tape in the stereo. “I assume you came with Barb since you’re the only girl I don’t know.”
“Yes. I have no idea what happened to Barbara.” She glanced around the room. “I’m her cousin, Margaret Hunter.” The rosebud’s genuine smile lit her whole face, radiating her subtle beauty like the sun at dawn.
“Her cousin,” Chris repeated and smirked. “That’s good. I’m Chris Dillon, but everyone calls me Gherkin.”
“Gherkin?” The rosebud laughed. “You guys really do have some weird nicknames.”
“Well, mine sort of evolved.” Chris chuckled as he refilled her cup with punch. “The guys started out shortening Dillon to Dill and that eventually morphed into Gherkin. Ironically enough, I can’t stand sweet pickles.”
Billy Joel’s River of Dreams flowed through the room. Margaret accepted the glass from him. “Thanks. Would you by any chance like to dance?”
“Truthfully? Yes. But Barb brought you to meet our guest of honor.” He turned her toward Jake and guided her the few steps over to him. “Margaret, this is, Scout.” Chris cocked an eyebrow at him. “Meet Barbie’s cousin.”
Jake rolled his eyes. “You never give up, do you, Gherkin?”
The girl gawked at him, and her hand trembled as she gulped the rest of her drink.
Chris took her empty glass. “I’ll get you another one.”
“You really shouldn’t drink their witch’s brew,” Jake warned her. One glass of the poison these guys mixed up could knock a little thing like her on her ass. As she turned to take the refill from Chris, Jake dropped his gaze to her rounded bottom. And she had such a nice one, too.
The rosebud smiled at Jake as she turned to face him again and raised her voice above a crescendo in the music. “So, Chris calls you Scout. Do you have a real name?”
He nodded and stared down into the girl’s twinkling owl eyes. He’d never seen a pair quite that shade of sky blue before. Her glasses made her appear even more wide-eyed and innocent. Which was an absolute hoot if she really was the busty blonde cheerleader’s cousin.
Barbara gave new meaning to the definition of easy. Except, he, like Captain Kirk, preferred to boldly go where no man had gone before—or at least not a whole football team.
“Well, what is it?” Margaret asked.
“What’s what?”
“Your real name?”
“Oh.” He gulped his beer. “Jacob Nicholas Manion III.”
“The third? Don’t things get confusing on holidays?”
“Nah. Everyone calls my dad, Nick, and my grandpa is Jacob. I’m just plain old Jake.”
“Jake.” His name rolled musically off her tongue. “So how’d you get to be known as Scout?”
He tossed back the rest of his beer and glanced at Chris. “It’s short for Boy Scout. The guys think I’ve got an overdeveloped conscience sometimes.”
“Good.” She grinned. “That must mean I can trust you.”
Chris clamped his hand over his mouth, muffling his laugh.
Jake turned to the keg to refill his glass. “You should note that I said sometimes.”
Unfortunately, at the moment, his conscience was on strike. The knowledge that this girl had been bought and paid for specifically for his pleasure conjured the mental image of the two of them entwined in bed. The swish of her short hem against her bare thighs kept him speculating whether or not she wore panties.
It disturbed him to find the prospect of discovering her stark naked beneath her prissy dress so incredibly appealing. If he could seriously contemplate sleeping with anyone besides his fiancée—let alone some hooker, regardless of how enticing—it proved he wasn’t ready to commit himself to one woman. He never should have asked Roxanne to marry him.
“And sometimes I’m apparently not such a good guy.” He chugged his beer and scowled at the bottom of the empty plastic cup. He’d better slow down.
The girl made him as nervous as a zit-faced teenager with a hotel key on prom night. Since he’d been red-shirted his freshman year, he’d been eligible to play college ball another season and had taken advantage of the opportunity to start his post graduate degree. He was working on his master’s in psych, and for the life of him, he couldn’t read Margaret at all. She seemed so innocent and, at the same time, blatantly sexy. Barbara must have told the girl to put on some sort of virgin act for him. That prissy name of hers probably wasn’t even real.
Tipping her head back, Margaret smiled up at him. “A Boy Scout is supposed to be trustworthy, loyal, helpful, friendly, and a whole bunch of other noble things I can’t recall. But I don’t remember the list including gorgeous.”
“It doesn’t.” Chris’s eyes narrowed. “You don’t by any chance charge extra for flattery, do you?”
“Huh?” Her forehead wrinkled as she took another large gulp of her drink and fanned her face. “Whew. Is it just me, or has it gotten awfully hot in here?”
Jake took her punch and swigged the rest of it. “I think you’d better lay off this stuff.”
Chris jerked his head toward the bedroom door. “You know it’s a lot cooler in the other room. No warm bodies heatin’ the place up. Why don’t you take Margaret in there to cool off?”
Raising his hands, Jake backed up a step. “I don’t think that’s such a great idea.”
She brushed aside the damp wisps of butterscotch hair framing her face and swayed, grabbing Chris’s arm to steady herself. “Sorry, I got a little dizzy.”
“Come on, Scout, you don’t want her to pass out, do you?” Chris asked.
“No, but—”
“She needs to lie down for a while. None of the other guys will keep her company the way you will.” Chris pushed them toward the bedroom and smiled at Margaret. “It’s nice and cool in there.” Once they were inside, he grabbed the doorknob and turned the lock on the inside. “I’ll close this so the heat doesn’t drift in from the other room.”
Or any other couples. Jake rolled his eyes at Chris’s charade as his friend closed the door.
Margaret wobbled on her feet and plopped down on the bed closest to the window. “What was in that punch? The whole room is spinning.”
“You don’t want to know.”
As her body tilted, he swung her feet up on the mattress. “Maybe you should lie down. You look as if you’re about to fall over.” He sat on the edge of the bed, facing her. “So does anyone call you anything besides Margaret?”
“Barb and some of my friends call me Margie.”
He tipped his head and fingered one of the honey tendrils curling around her fresh-scrubbed face. Her lack of makeup made her look very young. “You don’t look like a Margaret or a Margie.”
Her eyes widened, her lips parting slightly. “I don’t?”
Shaking his head, he stared at her mouth as the tip of her tongue peeked out to moisten her soft pout. “Maggie fits you—or better yet, Rosebud.”
His teammates must have blown a bundle to get someone with her acting ability. A novice could never pull off her innocent performance so convincingly. He shifted his hips and tugged on the inseam of his jeans. Regardless of whether this girl was a pro or not, he shouldn’t be getting married if she could make him think about cheating on Roxanne without even touching him.
The wedding was most definitely off.
“Why Rosebud?”
“I don’t know.” He shrugged. “Maybe because you have the most flawless skin I’ve ever seen. It’s like you’ve got roses blooming in your cheeks.”
“I think that has more to do with me being hot.” She smiled.
“Yes, you are.” He cupped the girl’s face, and her eyes drifted shut as her mouth turned into his palm. She smelled of baby powder and fruity punch. “And you’re sweet enough to give a guy a toothache.”
Her wide-eyed gaze popped open. “I am?”
What the hell. If he called off the wedding, there was no reason not to at least go for a first down and enjoy a little of the game the fellows had set up for him. Ideally, he’d prefer to officially end it with Roxanne, first. But he’d be damned if he’d take cold showers for the next five weeks while she was busy globetrotting.
Leaning into Maggie, he pressed his lips to hers while her mouth remained an innocent, unyielding pucker.
He drew back and chuckled. “You are something else, Sweetheart.” He combed his fingers through her hair and played along, whispering, “You haven’t kissed very many guys, have you?”
Her cheeks grew even pinker as her lashes lowered. “You mean, you can tell? I’m sorry.” She shrugged one shoulder and slurred, “I hope you don’t mind teachin’ me.”
Her request and ability to blush at will left him speechless for a second. “Not at all.” He traced his finger over her lower lip. “Relax your mouth.”
She closed her eyes and offered her parted lips to him. He dipped his head and slid his tongue along the crack she’d left him, coaxing her mouth open further. As he swept his tongue inside, she whimpered and wound her arms tightly around his neck.
Damn, she tasted good—like grenadine and oranges. He devoured her sweetness, running his hand up her silky leg to her bottom. Squeezing a handful of her softness, he drew in a sharp breath. She’d even dressed for her innocent virgin role, right down to her little-girl cotton undies.
She moaned softly into his mouth, her tongue timidly following his in a sensual dance that gave his stomach the same peculiar weightless feeling as the parachute ride at Six Flags. The difference being, at the amusement park, his gut inevitably hit bottom, whereas Maggie’s tentative kiss made him feel as if he’d drunk liquid helium instead of beer.
When he reluctantly drew back from sampling her sweetness, her eyes glistened like cut glass. “Ohhh, Jake,” she breathed out his name like a prayer. “Thank you.”
“You’re very welcome.” He smiled, amused by her reverent gratitude. He should be thanking her for showing him how much was missing in his relationship with Roxanne. A man should feel this kind of out-of-control passion for the woman he planned to marry, shouldn’t he?
Suddenly, making a first down with Maggie wasn’t enough. He wanted a touchdown with her or, at the very least, a field goal. He glanced back at the locked door and listened to the racket on the other side of it. It was like trying to make out in the middle of the Rose Bowl.
She wriggled next to him, rotating her hips. 
“What’s the matter? Are you uncomfortable?”
“No. I just feel kind of squishy inside. Did that awful punch do this to me?”
“It depends on what you’re feeling.” He cupped her face and gently brushed his lips over hers again. She speared her fingers into his hair and ground her mouth against his in a hungry kiss while he slipped his hand under her dress and into her damp underpants.
As he stroked the slick bud between her legs, she yanked her mouth away. “Don’t. I’m, uh, kind of wet down there.”
“I know.” He’d barely touched her and she was already drenched. “Isn’t that a good thing?”
“No. You’re just making it worsh,” she slurred.
Smiling, he drew his eyebrows together and removed his hand. “Making what worse?”
“You know.” Color flooded her cheeks. “That squirmy feeling.”
If Gherkin and the guys had known the kind of talent Barbara had found for him, they would’ve kept Maggie for themselves. His chest constricted at the thought of any of those clowns putting their hands on her.
He squeezed his eyes shut. What the hell was wrong with him? This girl had woven such an enchanting spell on him he was beginning to believe this virgin performance of hers. No girl as beautiful as Maggie could be totally lacking in experience with the opposite sex. But what the hell. If she got off on this innocence game, why not play along? He couldn’t wait to see what she would come up with next.
“Would it be so bad if that squirmy feeling got worse?”
“Yes.” Her hips continued to gyrate. 
He traced the shell of her ear with his tongue and murmured, “If you let me touch you. I can make you feel really good, Rosebud.”
Her breaths came in short little gasps as her eyes drifted closed. “It would serve my mother right if I let you.”
Her mother? He trailed his fingers down her throat to the top button of her dress. “What’s your mom got to do with this?”
“She only let me visit Barb this weekend so I’d know what to expect when I come—” Maggie gasped. Her eyes popped open as he slipped his hand into the top of her dress and teased the tip of her breast. “Oh-my-goodness.” Her breathing became erratic as her hips undulated in a grinding rhythm that set a seductive beat for his hard-on like some metronome keeping time for a musician.
Bless her dear mother. It didn’t get better than this. Fascinated, he watched while Maggie writhed on the bed, an alcohol-induced glaze in her eyes. 
“How much of that punch did you drink?”
“Not that mush,” she slurred. “Just a little more than two glasses.” She took his hand and slid it between her legs again. “Go ahead. Please. I want you to touch me some more, if you don’t mind.”
What the hell had those guys put into their brew that got her this smashed?
Regardless of whether Maggie was a pro or not, he refused to make it with a woman who’d had too much to drink, no matter how turned on she might be.
Or how badly his fly strangled his dick.
Her head lolled back, and her eyes closed as her tongue played erotically between the seam of her lips, planting images in his head of her luscious mouth wrapped around—
Oh, no. He yanked his hand away from her. The rest of him stiffened to match his erection as he recalled the way some of his teammates had looked at Maggie—as if she were an ice-cold bottle of Gatorade to be passed around after a scrimmage. In her state, those wasted louts would probably end up gang-banging her. Even if she sold her favors for a living, no woman deserved to be used by a dozen men while too drunk to object. He had to get her the hell out of there.
So much for his touchdown. At least for the next few hours.
Leaning over, he kissed her deeply and murmured into her lips, “Sweetheart, let me take you somewhere else to sleep off the booze.”
“I think I should just go back to Barbara’s room. I shouldn’t have let her talk me into comin’ to this party.” She sat up and swayed a little before she fell on the bed again. “Whoops.”
What the guys had done to her was unforgivable. “Just stay there.” He brushed her forehead with his lips. “I’ll be back for you in a minute.”
When he stepped from the bedroom, the room outside became as quiet as a confessional booth while a sea of expectant faces turned toward him. Chris arched his eyebrows and raised his arms straight up in the signal for a touchdown while a low rumble of speculative murmurs rippled throughout the crowd.
Clenching his jaw, Jake stomped over to his roommate. Chris peered at Jake, crinkling his brow. “What’s wrong? She’s not in trouble, is she?”
Jake grabbed Chris by the shirt. “No, but you’re gonna be when I get done with you. What the fuck did those animals put in that punch?”
“Just a lot of booze.”
Opie laughed and chimed in, “One glass makes the ladies very receptive. If you’re finished with her, I call dibs on—”
“I don’t need that kind of help. And none of you apes are going near her. Where’s Barbara? I want her key so I can take Maggie back to her dorm.”
Chris waved toward the door. “Someone told me she left with one of the guys right before we got here. I don’t know who she took off with.”
“Then I have no choice but to put Maggie in your bed for the night.” Jake poked his roommate’s chest. “If you show your face around that apartment before noon tomorrow, you’ll be eating your teeth for breakfast.”
He stomped back toward the bedroom where half a dozen eager gorillas blocked the door—no doubt waiting for their turn to share in his gift. The crowd parted as if Jake’s glare plowed them out of his way.
Slipping his arms under Maggie’s shoulders and knees, he scooped her up and swayed on his feet. After the three beers and the half a glass of punch he’d chugged, he’d be lucky if he didn’t fall over. Fortunately, she weighed practically nothing.
As he carried her through the party, a hush fell over the room. He scowled at the crowd of drunken Goliaths, daring them to try and stop him from taking their evening’s entertainment.
Profuse apologies followed Jake out the door as he stumbled down the hall. In the elevator, he gazed down at his so-called date. Thank God he’d left with her. She was really out of it.
Her lashes fluttered, and she smiled. “Where we goin’?”
“To my apartment.” He gently pressed his lips to her forehead. “Trust me, Rosebud, I’ll take good care of you.”
At his door, he set her on her feet and supported her body against his so he could dig his keys out of his jeans. After unlocking the apartment, he hauled her over his shoulder into the bedroom and plopped her onto Chris’s bed.
Once he took her sandals off and covered her, he sank onto the mattress and stroked her flawless complexion. Even though the virgin game had just been a pretense for his pleasure, for some reason, it touched something at the core of him. He wanted Maggie to really be that sweet and innocent.
“Thank you,” she whispered as her eyes drifted shut.
The casual act of removing her glasses seemed more intimate than if he’d stripped off her dress. He gazed down at long thick lashes spread over pink cheeks and experienced the same reverence as an artist unveiling a masterpiece. Maggie wasn’t simply pretty. Venus or Aphrodite would’ve been lucky to get first runner up in a beauty pageant against her.
He rubbed a silky strand of her long hair between his fingers and glanced at his watch. Only a little after nine. It was probably for the best she’d conked out, since he hadn’t had much sleep in the last week. He extinguished the light and stripped down to his shorts. Flipping back the covers on his bed, he flopped onto the mattress and gasped as he slid on its cold, slimy surface.
“Sonovabitch.” He switched on the bedside lamp and groaned. Jell-O?
When the hell were those jackasses going to grow up? Muttering every expletive he could think of, he staggered into the bathroom to rinse the sticky sugar off his body. By the time he finished showering and stumbled back into the bedroom, the clock read nearly nine-thirty.
He pulled on a clean pair of boxers and yawned as he removed the bottom sheet. Damn it. The red slime had soaked right through to the mattress. It would have to be shampooed.
No way was he sleeping on that fucking couch again.
Staring down at Maggie, he sighed as he fell into bed with her. Even as tiny as she was, the twin-sized mattress didn’t allow for a millimeter of space between them. He rubbed his face in her sweet-scented hair and pulled her slender body closer.
With his chest pressed to her back and her fanny nestled against his aching groin, he mentally rehearsed how to tell Roxanne he couldn’t marry her.
The idea of hurting the girl he’d known for six years twisted his gut into a knot. He loved Roxy, but their relationship had become more of a deep friendship than one between lovers. He just didn’t feel the kind of passion a guy should have for the woman he married.
If she had stayed at school with him this year while he worked on his master’s, things might have been different. She’d graduated the term before at the same time he’d gotten his bachelor’s in psych and a minor in education. 
Telling Roxanne he’d changed his mind about marrying her wasn’t something he could do in a letter or over the phone. It would have to wait the five weeks until she got home. But in the meantime, he was getting on with his life. He wasn’t about to live in limbo while she finished flitting around the world.
He gritted his teeth while Maggie shifted in the bed, her behind wiggling against his erection. With every agonizing moment that passed, the hard lumpy sofa seemed more and more attractive.
Groaning softly, he whispered in her ear, “Rosebud, if you don’t want me to strip that dress off and take you right now, I suggest you lay very still.”
His words must have penetrated her subconscious because she went completely motionless. Even though she’d stopped rubbing her bottom against him, the heat from her soft body and her flowery scent kept him too charged up to fall asleep despite the tranquilizing effect of the booze.
So the thousand dollar question was should he stay in bed with her and suffer the incessant ache in his dick, or get up and toss and turn on the torturous couch?
As she wiggled again, he gritted his teeth at the incredible pressure in his lower half. There was absolutely no question about it. Spending the night pressed against Maggie’s sweet-smelling softness won hands down—even if he did explode.
  

 
 
Chapter 6

“Someone answer the damn phone!” Howard Carmichael hoisted himself off the toilet and dragged his pants up as he waddled out of the bathroom. “Debbie! Kevin! Where the hell are you two?” He snatched the receiver off the kitchen wall and then wandered through the house, searching for his wife as he barked into the cordless phone, “Hullo.”
“Dad!” Phil blurted in his ear. “You’re not gonna believe what I just heard from Brandy.”
“Yeah, what?” It had better be good, seeing as his son had just interrupted Howard’s first healthy dump in a week.
“Asshole Manion knocked up a girl in my Marriage and Family class.”
“The coach screwed a student?” This was good. He rubbed his grinding gut. Really good.
“Not the coach,” Phil corrected, “asshole Alex. He’s been doin’ Emma Bradford.”
“Oh.” Howard sighed his disappointment and kicked one of his daughter Catie’s dolls out of his way. He’d heard Jake’s son was dating that Bradford bitch’s daughter. The news wasn’t quite as juicy as Hotshot Manion diddling some teenybopper. Nonetheless, hearing his son had gotten a classmate in trouble was nearly as good—especially seeing who the girl’s mother was.
It would be sweet justice to watch both her and that jerk-off get knocked on their asses. Margie Bradford would think twice before she publicly humiliated a successful chiropractor like Howard again.
Maybe there was a way he could use this information to get rid of Manion. If he was given the chance to coach Kevin next year, the son of a bitch would undoubtedly shortchange Howard’s younger son the same way he had Phil.
“Why do you always do that, Dad?” Phil asked in a wounded tone. “Every time I tell you something I think will make your day, you—”
“Sorry, Pal. I didn’t mean to burst your bubble. This is great news. If all goes well, I’ll finally be able to nail that bastard to the wall. That is....if you’ll do me a favor on Monday.”
“Like what?” The trepidation in Phil’s question indicated he hadn’t forgotten the backlash after he’d loosened the screws on Alex’s desk chair to keep his teammate from playing.
A whole lot of good it had done. That bastard, Jake, had only given Phil ten minutes of game time before the scouts got there, and then he’d yanked Howard’s son all because of a couple of incomplete passes.
When Howard’s wife found out he’d encouraged his son to sabotage his rival, it had nearly ended his marriage—especially after Debbie heard the rumors about Howard putting the moves on Kevin’s snooty reading teacher.
But hell, he’d been pissed off at his wife and hadn’t gotten laid in two months. It had taken a diamond tennis bracelet and a boatload of groveling to convince Debbie to patch things up and bring their three-year-old daughter back home.
“Don’t worry, Son. It’s nothing like last fall,” Howard assured his son. “I just need you to plant something in Coach Manion’s classroom.”
“You got some kind of phony evidence to frame him?”
“No, I wouldn’t do that.” Not after Debbie’s reaction last go-round. “Still, don’t say anything to your mother. With your help, I’m hoping to get something legit I can use. I’ll be damned if I’ll let that prick get tenure.”
~*~
“How about a snack before I take you home?” Alex braked to a stop at a traffic light. “You barely ate any of your dinner.”
Emma rubbed her stomach. Somehow he always seemed to know when she was hungry. In the last month, her belly had gotten as hard as a watermelon. Pretty soon it would be as big as one. “That sounds good. Just as long as we go someplace other than the diner.”
She had no desire to watch Brandy jiggle her big boobs at Alex again that night.
“Ice cream at Friendly’s?”
“Mmmm. I’ve had a craving for pistachio all week.”
He smiled and reached for her hand to squeeze it. “Just as long as you don’t order any pickles with it.”
While he drove to the ice cream parlor, she tried to imagine what her dad’s reaction would’ve been to their news. Most likely he would’ve been just as opposed to them getting married as Alex’s father was.
They’d driven around all evening and talked, but they hadn’t really settled anything.
“You know, I don’t blame your dad for being upset. He’s invested a lot into helping you train. He wouldn’t be human if he wasn’t disappointed at the thought of you blowing your shot at the pros.”
“I know. But I could do that just as easily without getting married.”
She studied him in the dim light from the headlights behind them. “What do you mean?”
“Nothing.” His jaw flexed as he stared ahead at the road.
Obviously nothing was something.
“I guess what I’m trying to say is Penn State’s a lot bigger pond, and I’m gonna be a minnow there. For all we know, I could get cut from the team the first week of training.”
“Yeah, right. Everyone knows the only reason our high school won the state championship for the last three years is ‘cause of you.”
“Tell that to fumbling Phil and his fulminating father.”
Emma smiled. Now she understood why Alex had scored so high on his SATs. She had to go home a look up fulminate. No way would she admit to him she had no idea what it meant. Nothing good she was sure, since he’d been describing Dr. Carmichael.”
The creepy chiropractor’s son, Phil, had been Alex’s rival for the position of quarterback for four years running. The jerk was constantly challenging Alex to stupid contests ranging from how many push-ups they could do to the number of hot dogs they could wolf down without barfing.
“And don’t forget, Em, football is a team sport. My dad’s coaching had a lot more to do with those championships than anything one player ever did, regardless of whether it was me or Carmichael in the huddle.”
She couldn’t stand the guy. From the day she started school back in September, he’d been hitting on her and making lewd remarks. And since she’d started dating Alex, Phil had only gotten cruder.
Unfortunately, she couldn’t complain to Alex or Mr. M. They had enough problems with the pervert and his father, Dr. Carmichael, who had made a scene at practically every game that season, badmouthing Alex’s performance on the field and trying to undermine his dad’s coaching decisions.
“Speak of the devil,” Alex muttered as he opened her car door at Friendly’s.
Phil strutted up to the Aston Martin, accompanied by several of Alex’s football buddies. The jerk wore his red hair spiked and shaved nearly to the scalp on the sides. In his white T-shirt, the big goon reminded her of Foghorn Leghorn.
“So, Emma, I hear you’re not the sweet little priss you pretend to be.” The big rooster turned and sneered at Alex. “What’d your dad say about you knocking up your girlfriend?”
Alex grabbed Phil by his T-shirt and rammed him against the fender. “You’d better shut your filthy trap, Carmichael, or you’re gonna need daddy to give you an adjustment after I get through beating the shit outta you.”
“Please, Alex, don’t start anything.” Emma tugged on his arm. “The maggot’s not worth it. Let’s just go inside.”
Apparently, someone had overheard their conversation at the diner earlier. If she had to guess, she’d bet Brandy’s big yap had spread the news.
Alex shoved Carmichael away and took Emma’s hand, muttering as he led her to the ice cream parlor’s door, “I didn’t start that. But I’ll be damned if I’m gonna let that son of a bitch talk about you that way.”
Greg Stenchler, Alex’s best friend, chased after them. “Hey, man, I’m sorry to hear about—you know. Is there anything I can do?”
“Thanks, Stench, we appreciate the offer.” Alex lightly punched his friend’s arm. “It’s not a problem. We’re getting married.” He stared down at her. The pleading look in his eyes mirrored her uncertainty. “Aren’t we, Em?”
She loved him so much. She couldn’t say no. “Right.” She smiled. “Two weeks from tomorrow. So don’t make any plans.”
~*~
Finally alone for the first time that evening, Margie wept all the way home. By the time she arrived at her condo’s complex, her despair had transformed into anger and resentment. Hadn’t she had enough to deal with in the last fourteen months?
Margie squeezed her eyes shut. She couldn’t handle this. At eighteen, she’d run from her mother’s domination straight into the arms of her thirty-three-year-old husband who’d cosseted and sheltered her. Dan’s insecurities had kept Margie isolated as much as her mother ever had. Sure, his absences for work had taught Margie to handle all the day-to-day emergencies. But she’d never been totally on her own before, dealing with tough situations like this.
“Thirty-seven is too young to be a grandmother,” she mumbled as she let herself into the condo. She flung open all the windows and breathed the scent of freshly cut grass. The unusually warm year had given them practically no spring. It was nice to finally let in some fresh air. 
She picked up the portable phone in the living room and punched out her cousin’s number in San Diego. At the sound of Barbara’s voice, Margie blasted her. “I hope you’re happy!”
“I guess this means you finally met up with each other, huh?” Barbara laughed.
“It’s not funny.”
“Sure, it is. I did it for your own good, Margie. You need to get on with your life.”
“You never did tell me how you found out where he worked.”
“I saw his old roommate at a party and found out Jake’s divorced. I told Chris about your situation, and about two weeks later, he e-mailed me the job listing I sent you. We just thought if you had a second chance—”
“No, the two of you didn’t think. That’s your whole problem. You never have.”
“If you’re referring to Jake’s party, I’ve apologized a thousand times. It’s not my fault the girl I really hired had car trouble and showed up two hours late. Chris was the one who assumed you were her.”
“But he didn’t give me a glass of spiked punch and then ditch me to go make out with some jock. I still don’t understand why they asked you to hire a call girl. How’d you even know where to find one?”
Dead silence filled the line for a moment, and then Barbara sighed. “Believe me, Coz, I’m not proud of it. But you know what a skinflint my father was.”
Margie’s mouth dropped open. “Ohmygosh. Are you telling me you were a—”
“Yes,” Barbara murmured, “I worked for an escort service to put myself through college. But I only slept with guys I was attracted to. You may not believe it, but lots of girls have sex for money at some point in their lives. I read somewhere it’s about one out of a hundred.”
“That’s no excuse.”
“I know. I’m just trying to explain.” Barbara’s voice cracked into a sob. “I never told anyone before, but....” Several seconds ticked by while she left Margie hanging, wondering what had gotten her cousin so emotional.
“What?”
“I’d been spreading my legs for my old man since I was ten, so it didn’t seem so bad to—”
“Your dad?” Margie squeezed her eyes shut. And she thought she’d had a miserable childhood having no father. “I’m sorry. Why didn’t you ever—”
“Why does any kid let someone molest her? I was afraid of him. He threatened to hurt my mom if I didn’t let him do whatever he wanted to me.”
And Margie had actually felt sorry for the monster when he’d died so young.
“I figured if I could let a pig like him rape me all those years, why not allow guys I actually liked to screw me and make a little cash while I was at it.”
“You’re not still—”
“No, of course not. That all changed when I met Ryan.”
“Does he know what you used to do?”
“He was the last guy I propositioned. Ryan’s such a white knight, he saw it as his duty to save me. He told me he wouldn’t pay me for sex, but he’d buy me dinner for a kiss goodnight.”
Margie knew there was a reason she liked her cousin’s husband.
“Anyway, what’s the big deal about seeing Jake again? I’d think you’d be glad to have a second chance with him.”
“The big deal is, not only has my daughter ended up dating his son, I found out tonight I’m about to become a grandmother.”
Barbara gasped. “You’re joking, right?”
“I wish I was. The kids want to get married two weeks from tomorrow.” Margie quit pacing and flopped into the recliner. “Which means Jake and I will be in-laws and celebrating our holidays together for the rest of our lives.”
“Oh, Margie, I’m so sorry. I never dreamed anything like this would happen. Did you say the wedding is in two weeks?”
“Unless we can change their minds.”
“Damn. Ryan’s parents are visiting then. I have forty people coming for a surprise party for him. I wish I had more notice.”
She wasn’t the only one.
“By the way, I saw your mom at the Memorial Day family picnic,” Barbara told her. “She was so thrilled to see the graduation picture you sent me of Emma. I gave it to her. So could you send me another one?”
Margie dropped her chin to her chest and moaned. “I really wish you hadn’t done that. My mother didn’t want any part of her first grandchild. She doesn’t deserve—”
“Don’t you think it’s about time you let the past go and stopped punishing her? Hell, Margie, if you could forgive me—”
“It’s not the same thing. What you did was a genuine mistake. What she did was monstrous. A good mother could never do to her child—”
“She’s not getting any younger, you know. Pretty soon it may be too late.”
Margie’s stomach lurched. “She’s not sick, is she?”
“Do you care?”
“Of course I care, she’s my mother. What kind of daughter would I be to wish something bad to happen to her?”
“My point exactly. Angry or not, you love her. Holding a grudge isn’t you. I don’t know anyone more merciful, gracious, and compassionate. But when it comes to your mom and Jake, you won’t bend. Why can’t you just cut them both a break?”
“I don’t know. I just can’t.” Maybe if she ever managed to forgive herself, she’d be able to let them off the hook, too. A set of headlights flashed outside the windows. “Listen, I think Em’s home. I want to talk to her before she goes to bed.”
“Okay, give her a kiss for me, and tell her I hope she and Alex are very happy together. I’ll be sending her a card and great big check. And Margie,” Barbara added before she hung up, “think about giving your mom a call. For your own sake if not hers.”
When Emma crept in the door a moment later, Margie followed her daughter to her tiny bedroom. “So why’d you need to spring your news on me like that, Em? I didn’t appreciate being put on the spot in front of Alex’s dad. Didn’t you think you could come to me?”
Emma twisted her mouth. “I guess, after all your lectures about waiting, I thought you might freak.”
“Have I ever freaked over anything?”
“No.” She hung her head. “But there’s always a first time. I never did anything like this before.”
Good point. Emma had always been a model child. Other than typical adolescent surliness that she’d mostly outgrown, she’d never been any trouble. Until now.
Margie pressed her lips to her daughter’s forehead. “Have you been to a doctor?”
“Just Planned Parenthood. But I know who I want to see. Mr. Manion had one of his neighbors who’s a gynecologist and obstetrician talk to our class about birth control and sexually transmitted diseases. Dr. Brennan seemed really nice.”
“Okay. I’m making you an appoin—” Margie snapped her mouth shut, hearing the echo of her mother’s overbearing voice in her head.
Emma prodded Margie’s shoulder. “What’s the matter, Mom? You have a funny look on your face.”
“N-nothing. Call tomorrow and make an appointment—and take Alex with you. You need to start taking some prenatal vitamins. You’re not eating right.”
“I’m already taking them. So? What’d you think of Mr. Manion? Isn’t he the greatest?”
Greatest what? Margie captured her lip between her teeth. She couldn’t tell her daughter her true opinion of him without explaining why she felt the way she did. “He’s very nice, Em.”
“Admit it, Mom. You were prejudiced against him ‘cause he used to play football.”
She didn’t like the direction the conversation was taking. “You’re right. I was.”
Emma tipped her head. “What do you have against the sport, anyway?”
Her daughter would never buy it if Margie denied her feelings toward the game. She’d made it fairly obvious over the years that she had no use for it. “I once knew a football player who soured me on it.”
“I thought it was something like that. Daddy always changed the channel whenever a game came on television.”
Dan had made sure Margie was never exposed to any news reports or magazines about sports. He’d insisted he wanted to shield her from any further pain—but it had actually been himself he’d been sparing. Not that Jake had been the only source of Dan’s insecurity. Her husband had never stopped worrying he would lose her to a younger man. Especially the last few years as his age began to affect his sexual performance.
No matter how much she’d reassured Dan, he’d never forgotten he was her second choice.
~*~
For the umpteenth time in months, Margie woke at five minutes after twelve to the odd scraping sound that occurred like clockwork at around midnight and again at five-thirty every morning. As she rolled over to go back to sleep, a deep muted voice drifted into her open window on a gentle breeze.
Her eyes popped open. Had Jake’s son been coming there every night to sleep with her daughter?
Margie covered her mouth in horror as the nocturnal noises suddenly made sense. Emma’s soft cries and thrashing apparently had nothing to do with nightmares. And the rhythmic rocking and moans that had occasionally disturbed Margie hadn’t been filtering through the common wall she shared with her swinging single neighbor as she’d assumed. It had been coming from her sweet little girl’s bedroom.
She flipped back the covers and crept to the window, pressing her ear to the screen to make certain she wasn’t mistaken.
“Mmmm—Alex,” Emma’s sleepy purr floated into Margie’s window. “I was just dreaming about you.”
“I didn’t think my dad would ever go to bed tonight,” he murmured.
The subtle rasp of a zipper and rustle of clothing muffled her daughter’s soft giggle. “Now that they know about the baby, don’t you think they might guess?”
“I don’t give a damn. I hate sleeping without you, Angel. Umm....” He groaned. “That feels incredible. I love you.”
“Alex, I need you, right now.”
“Damn, Em.” He chuckled. “That must’ve been one helluva dream.”
The closets between her and Emma’s rooms had evidently muffled the sound before this. If she hadn’t left the windows open and wasn’t cognizant of what was going on in the bedroom, she would never attributed Emma’s soft moans to her child having sex.
Margie’s cheeks flamed as fury mounted in her. How dare that horny little bastard sneak in every night for a booty call. Worse yet, how could her daughter violate the trust she’d always enjoyed?
Prepared to rip Emma a new one, Margie dashed out of her bedroom and came to a screeching halt outside her daughter’s closed door as a faint thumping began serenading her outrage. Every maternal cell in her ached to burst through the door and yank that six-foot dick off her little girl. Except as angry as Margie was, she would very likely say or do something she’d later regret. Especially if the boy ended up becoming her son-in-law.
Heck, Alex’s father was the master psychologist. Maybe he could tell her what she should do in this situation besides yanking every hair from her daughter’s head and kicking his son in the family jewels. 
Better yet, Jake could come beat some sense into his kid.
She tiptoed down the hallway to the kitchen, trying to block out the amorous sounds. Now that she was fully aware, and there wasn’t a closetful of clothing between her and Emma’s room to deaden the barely audible gasps and moans, her senses tuned in to the rhythmic rocking of her daughter’s bed. The increasingly frantic beat became so amplified in her head it sounded like the deafening click-clack of a locomotive chugging faster and faster down a railroad track.
She searched for her telephone directory for several minutes before she remembered seeing it in the living room. By the time she located Alex’s home number, the cadence coming from the bedroom had turned to a frenzied beat.
The phone rang several times before Jake finally yawned in her ear and mumbled, “Hullo.”
“It’s twelve-twenty in the morning,” Margie whispered into the receiver. “Do you know where your son is—and probably has been every night for quite a while now?”
“Maggie?”
“Who’d you think this was, the Easter Bunny?”
“Give me a break.” Jake groaned. “I’m half asleep.”
“At least someone’s getting some rest. A strange scraping noise has been waking me at midnight and again at five-thirty every morning. Since it’s been so hot, tonight’s the first night I’ve been able to turn off the A/C and leave the windows open.”
“You mentioned that earlier this evening. So why are you calling in the middle of the night to tell me again?”
“Because that sound was Emma’s window opening, and at this very moment, your son is having sex with my daughter. The sounds drifting out of her room would make a sex therapist blush. If I knock on her door, I’m liable to kill both of them. You’re the one working on your doctoral dissertation on handling teenagers. What should I do, Dr. Phil?”
“Ahh—now it makes sense.”
“What does?” she asked, pacing the kitchen.
“A few weeks ago, I happened to lean on Alex’s car early one morning. I couldn’t understand why the hood was so warm. This explains it.”
“I would say so. I feel like an idiot I didn’t catch on before this.”
“I don’t know why you’re so surprised.” He chuckled. “I told you he was probably getting it on with Emma every chance he got.”
“Well, I never expected him to do it right under my nose. Or to create the opportunity for himself.”
“That’s because you were never an eighteen-year-old guy. I guarantee, Sweetheart, if you sent Emma to the moon, Alex would find a way there if he thought he’d get laid.”
“Wonderful. My daughter’s having a sex maniac’s baby.”
“Now you have the picture.” He yawned. “That polite, clean-cut honor student is still two hundred pounds of testosterone. Close your window, and go back to sleep. I’ll handle it.”
She stepped out in the hall to check if the soft sounds coming from the bedroom had finally ceased. Not only hadn’t the rocking ceased, it had become a rapid-fire knocking, punctuated by Emma’s muffled cries of pleasure.
A twinge of envy pricked Margie as the kids’ frenzied lovemaking brought to mind her incredible passion-filled night with Jake. It reminded her of what she’d missed by settling for marriage to a man who’d never really excited her.
“I can’t believe you want me to simply let this go. Aren’t you angry?”
“I’m pissed as hell. I’m not saying ignore it. Let Emma have it with both barrels—but tomorrow when you’re in control. Making a scene in the heat of the moment won’t change anything. As we said earlier, how much more trouble can they get into? Just go back to sleep.”
“That’s easy for you to say. Now that I know what’s going on in there, I’m hearing every little squeak of Emma’s bed. I can’t believe they’re still going at it.”
“Jealous, Maggie?”
Yes, damn it. “Hardly.”
“It’s either that, or you have a very poor memory,” he said in a smug tone. “I don’t know how flyboy was in the sack, but the night we had sex, I distinctly remember the mattress springs getting a workout.”
“Then I guess I need some Ginkgo Biloba, because I don’t recall it being anything special,” she lied.
“Uh-huh. Believe me, teenage guys have more stamina than you have patience. And considering my son’s a trained athlete, he’ll probably go for an encore. Just close your window and stick some cotton in your ears. But before you do, what’s your condo’s unit number?”
“What’re you planning to do?”
“Scare the hell out of my kid and embarrass him, of course.”
  

 
Chapter 7

Intense shivers wracked Emma’s entire body, making her insides pulsate with pleasure. “Again, please,” she gasped.
Alex chuckled in her ear. “What’s gotten into you, Angel?”
“You.” She giggled. “I don’t know what’s wrong with me lately. I want you all the time.”
“If you ask me, I’d say that’s something very right.”
In the past month or so, her body had become ultra sensitive. It made no sense. It seemed more reasonable for the urge to have sex to go away while a woman carried a baby.
“I’m definitely keeping you barefoot and pregnant.” He kissed her, stepping up the tempo of his thrusting.
As the tension inside her coiled tightly again, she froze at the sound of murmuring in the distance. “Wait—do you hear something?”
He nipped at her ear. “Oh, jeez, Em, don’t quit on me, now. I’m about to expl—”
“Stop.” She pushed at his chest. “I think my mother’s talking to someone.”
Huffing, he rolled off her and flopped on his back. “Who gives a damn?” He panted. “Right now, she could be throwin’ a freakin’ Tupperware party for all I care.”
“Well, I care.” She already felt guilty enough about deceiving her mother. “Who’s she talking to at this hour? And what’s she doing awake?”
He turned on his side and caressed her cheek. “If you’d just found out your kid was pregnant, would you be able to sleep? She’s probably unloading on your Aunt Barbara or one of her friends.”
“Maybe.” Emma gnawed on her lip. Her mom had every right to be upset with her.
As he flipped on the lamp, she yanked the sheet up, and an exasperated puff burst from his chest. “When are you going to relax with me, Angel?” He tugged on the corner of the covers. “I’m dying to look at you.”
She’d been freaked out about letting him see her naked before she’d become pregnant—but now that her stomach had started to swell…
“You know, you’ll have to let the doctor examine you.”
“I know.” She chewed on her lip. “But that’s different.”
She didn’t know why she felt so self-conscious about letting Alex see her undressed. Maybe deep down she was simply afraid her body would disappoint him.
“Pleease, Em.” His eyebrows lifted in a pleading arch.
Swallowing hard, she loosened her grip on the sheet enough to let him pull it down several inches to expose her larger breast. Desire leapt in his eyes like the flames on a three-alarm fire. His gaze lingered on her nipple for a few seconds before panic swelled in her chest like a balloon inflating inside her. She flipped off the light. “I think we’d better go to sleep. My mom might hear us.”
“If she hasn’t in the last six months, I seriously doubt she will, now.”
“Aleeex.”
“We can be really quiet. And believe me, I’m so close it will only be a minute.”
She stifled a moan of pleasure as he entered her again. Good to his word, in only twenty seconds, Alex groaned softly, collapsed, and immediately rolled off her. He brushed his lips over hers as he pulled her into the crook of his shoulder and stroked her back. “Thank you, Angel. I love you.”
“I love you too,” she whispered, completely mystified that he could care so much for her, especially considering the way she frustrated him.
Undoubtedly, Brandy would be thrilled to strip for him—as would a hundred other girls in their school. But, of course, they all had bodies straight out of a Playboy magazine. None of them had pubic hair so dark it resembled the Black Forest. Nor did they have an orange-sized boob on one side and a tangerine-sized one on the other. And since her breasts had swelled with her pregnancy, the lack of symmetry in her body had become even more pronounced.
She couldn’t believe Alex hadn’t felt the difference or noticed the extra padding her mom had sewn into the left cup of her bras. Or maybe he was just too nice to say anything.
She snuggled closer and petted his head. If she hoped to keep him interested, she had to get a grip on herself and find a way to stop freezing up whenever he turned on the light.
Sighing, she gazed at the dark ceiling and silently said goodnight to her father the way she always had whenever he’d been away on a long flight. I know you’re probably not happy about me getting pregnant, Daddy, but I love Alex so much. He could’ve had any girl he wanted, and he chose me.
~*~
Roxanne Warrington stepped aside while Chris Dillon took her keys and unlocked her Manhattan penthouse on the Upper East Side. Since March, Jake’s friend had been showing up at her office every Friday evening to visit.
She couldn’t understand why. Gherkin and she had never gotten along. Strangely enough, she could’ve gone for him in a big way in college if she hadn’t already had her sights set on Jake.
And if Chris hadn’t been so obnoxious.
It was probably just as well. With the way Gherkin bed-hopped, he would’ve broken her heart even faster than Jake had.
It had taken her three years to finally pull her life together. After summoning up the courage to end her marriage, she’d watched Alex grow from a distance at his Pop Warner games and had never let him or Jake know she’d been there.
It had been in her son’s best interest for her to stay away until she was clean for a few months. But that had been easier said than done. Attending Alex’s eighth grade graduation and spending time with him had been the carrot she’d dangled in front of herself every time she began jonesing for a fix.
When Alex snubbed her and then sent her the bitter thank you note for the car, it became clear how much he resented her. It was too late to fix the damage she’d done. It still amazed her how she’d found the inner strength to stay clean after his rejection.
Chris swung the door open and handed back her keys.
She brushed a kiss over his lips, and her heart missed a beat as she breathed in his virile scent. “Thanks for dinner, Gherkin, I had a great time.” She glanced at her watch. “I’d ask you in for a nightcap, but it’s already almost one.”
And her willpower to resist him was frighteningly low.
“So what? It’s the weekend. You can sleep late.” He stepped inside the apartment and closed the door. “When are you gonna stop this ridiculous charade?”
She tossed her purse on the white damask armchair. “I don’t know what you mean.”
“The hell you don’t.” Chris loosened his tie. “Why do you insist on pretending there’s nothing more than friendship between us?”
“Why do you persist in trying to make our relationship more than that?” She strolled over to the large window and stared out at the twinkling lights on the opposing bank of the East River. “For the first time in twenty-one years, you and I can spend an evening together without sniping at each other. I don’t want to lose that by sleeping with you.”
He stared at her for a heartbeat and snorted. “You still haven’t figured it out, have you, you little fool?”
“Figured out what?”
“That the only reason I took those cheap shots was so Jake wouldn’t realize how crazy I was about you.” He grabbed her wrist and yanked her into his arms. “Damn it, Rox, you have no idea how much I ached for you in college. Or how much I still love you.”
She’d known Chris would’ve been happy to get her into bed, but she’d never dreamed he’d been in love with her. And it seemed even less likely he could still care after all these years.
Her breasts hardened to two points under her plum silk sheath as he slanted his mouth over hers in a hungry, demanding kiss. His tongue dueled with hers in an erotic thrust and parry. “Oh, baby,” he murmured into her lips. “Why do you think I’ve never gotten married?”
She drew back and stared into his kelly-green eyes. “Judging from the duration of your numerous relationships, I’d say it’s because you have the fidelity of an alley cat.”
“That’s only because I’ve never found anyone I could care about the way I do you.”
Right. And how many months would it be before he lost interest in her, too. “So then why wait until now to tell me?”
“Because after your divorce, you needed a chance to pull your life together. And then, after you did, I had to give you time to see if you would work things out with Jake. But I don’t see that happening—and we’re not gettin’ any younger.”
“Oh, I get it.” She snorted and sank onto the gray sofa. “You’re just afraid your middle-aged dick will shrivel up before you finally nail me.”
Pain flashed in his eyes. “I’m not interested in just sleeping with you, Rox. I want to marry you. Then I wanna nail you.”
“Marry me?” She stared up at him in a daze. “Chris, are you demented? Do you have any concept of what a poor excuse for a person I am?”
“You can’t be any worse than I am.”
“You don’t think so?” She arched her eyebrows. “Jake doesn’t even know half the wrongs I’ve done him, and you want to take over where he left off?”
Chris strolled over to the bar and poured a snifter of brandy for himself and a club soda for her. “If we played a little game of true confessions, you might find out we’re an evenly matched set of miserable human beings.”
“Fine. You want to hear the kind of guilt I live with? I knew the day Jake married me that he’d gotten Maggie pregnant.”
“What?” Chris did a double take as he settled next to her and handed her the glass he’d filled for her. “How’d you know? He didn’t even tell me till the morning of your wedding.”
“I found out the day I got home from Europe.” She’d been so eager to see Jake again she literally skidded down the airport hallway after clearing customs that afternoon. She threw her arms around his neck, and he was as prickly as a cactus.
“When my father caught up to us, he sent me to help my stepmother with my baby sister so he could talk to Jake alone. But I circled around behind them in the crowd and eavesdropped to find out what was so damned private.”
“How the hell did your dad find out?”
“Apparently one of his vice presidents had been entertaining a client at the same restaurant in Philadelphia where Jake took Maggie when she came to tell him she was pregnant. The man was seated at the table next to theirs.”
“Right. And he recognized Jake?”
Roxanne nodded. She could still hear her father’s imperious tone. Let me share a few pearls of wisdom I’ve gained during my years of being a high profile individual, Jake. Anyone whose face is on the cover of Sports Illustrated shouldn’t kiss butter off a girl in Le Bec Fin if he doesn’t want people to know he’s involved with her.
“My father told him everything the man overheard. Jake explained how it had happened and that Maggie had aborted the baby.”
“He was devastated, Rox.”
“So I later learned. My dad pointed out that I wouldn’t be getting a dime from my trust fund until I was thirty-five. He made Jake sign a prenup so he’d understand how much he’d lose if I ever found out he’d cheated on me again.”
“If you found out? You mean your father didn’t care if Jake was unfaithful as long as you didn’t catch him?”
“Exactly.” She wiped away the tears welling in her eyes as Alexander’s words echoed through her memory as if he’d just uttered them.
I realize your celebrity status will draw women to you like a designer suit attracts cat hair, Jake—just as my money does for me. I won’t be a hypocrite and tell you I’ve never been unfaithful. I’ve screwed around plenty. However, if you’re not discreet in the future and you let my daughter get wind of your affairs, I’ll crucify you. And don’t go developing a guilty conscience and confess what you did to her. Roxanne doesn’t ever need to know about it.
Unfortunately, she already did, and it had ended up destroying her.
~*~
“I guess it’s true people never hear anything good when they eavesdrop.” Chris stared into Roxanne’s copper eyes and squeezed her tightly. With the way her old man treated her, it was no wonder she’d become an addict. “I’m surprised you went through with the ceremony.”
“I convinced myself Jake had simply been sowing some wild oats before our wedding. Then when he begged me not to use my diaphragm on our wedding night, I realized he wanted to replace the baby he’d lost. I thought if I gave him a child it would be all right. But after he fell asleep that night, I discovered how wrong I’d been. The first year we were married, Jake moaned Maggie’s name at least once a week in his sleep.”
Chris knew all about the kind of pain she must have endured. He’d roomed with Jake for three years. His friend talked constantly at night. Chris could imagine how awful it had been for her, knowing the man she loved pined for another woman.
“When you told Jake what he was doing, what’d he say?”
“I didn’t mention it until after Alex was born. By then, Jake was only having the dreams every few months. He was away with the team so much I was terrified some groupie would steal him from me.” She took a sip of her seltzer. “When I finally confronted him, Jake confessed everything and swore his dreams were just about a lot of unresolved bitterness.”
Shifting sideways on the sofa, Chris stroked her cheek. “But you still wondered if he was being faithful to you while he was on the road, didn’t you?”
She nodded. “You have no idea how it felt to see women at the supermarket magazine racks staring at pictures of my half-naked husband like he was some centerfold.”
Chris understood her jealousy completely. He’d walked in Jake’s shadow all through college, rebounding the women his friend didn’t want and waiting for Jake to get tired of the only one Chris had ever really wanted.
Ironically enough, he’d made matters worse by asking Barb to get Jake a girl who could tempt him to stray. By that night, he’d already developed a case of cold feet all on his own. If Chris hadn’t mistaken Maggie for the hooker, Jake probably would’ve called off his wedding. Instead, his grief over Maggie’s abortion had made him that much more determined to get married and have a family.
Chris threaded his fingers through Roxanne’s long russet waves. “I’m probably shootin’ myself in the foot, but I won’t be able to live with myself if I don’t tell you what he said the night your divorce was final. While Jake was three sheets to the wind, he confided that the closest he ever came to screwing around on you was when one of the team’s fuck bunnies broke into his hotel room while he was asleep. Even with a naked bimbo actively trying to seduce him, he didn’t do more than think about letting her stay.”
“He might not have cheated on me physically, but I saw how aroused he became during his dreams. And I knew a lot more than resentment was causing them. They were satisfying a need in him I couldn’t fill.”
The pain in her voice made Chris’s throat tighten. He’d probably kick himself in the morning for trying to convince her of his friend’s devotion, but he couldn’t stand seeing her feel so deficient. “Rox, believe me, Jake loved you, and he still does.”
“Not the way I needed him to.” She swiped at the tears on her cheeks and sniffled. “A few months before he was injured, I stupidly took advantage of his erection while he was in the middle of one of his X-rated dreams about Maggie.”
Talk about being a glutton for punishment. “Why the hell would you do that?”
“I guess I wanted to know what it was like to have him want me that much. So I climbed on and took a midnight ride. It was as if he’d eaten a bushel of oysters and chased them down with a bottle of Viagra.”
Chris gritted his teeth. He really didn’t want to hear what a stud his friend was.
“I knew he was still half asleep because he kept groaning Maggie’s name. Except I couldn’t stop myself. It had never been so....” Her voice trailed off indicating she was as uncomfortable telling him as Chris was listening to her describe the incident. “Then, just as Jake was about to come, he opened his eyes. The disappointment on his face when he realized it was me....” Roxanne buried her face in Chris’s shoulder. “I wanted to go to sleep and never wake up.”
He rubbed his cheek in her silky hair. “I still don’t see what you did that was so terrible.”
“For years after I had Alex, Jake kept trying to talk me into getting pregnant again.”
“I think he realizes now it’s just as well you didn’t.”
“But I did.” She looked away. “Twice. I aborted two of our babies. What kind of person does that make me—especially knowing how devastated he was when Maggie did it? He’d never forgive me if he knew. And that only tops the list of my sins.”
“Don’t you think it’s time to stop beating yourself up?”
“I don’t think I can until I do the ninth of my twelve steps.”
Clearly it had something to do with her NA program. “I have no idea what the ninth step is.”
“The eighth step is to list all of the people you’ve hurt. The ninth is to make amends. I don’t want Jake to hate me.”
Chris closed his eyes and bit his lip. “Well, after I tell you what I did, you’ll probably hate me. You see, it was all my fault Maggie ended up in Jake’s bed. None of the pain the two of you have had would’ve happened except for my jealousy.”
“I don’t see how you were respon—”
“I wanted you so much Rox.” He explained about his plan to make Jake stray and the case of mistaken identity that night.
“Oh, Gherkin, I should smack you. But all I can think about is kissing you.”
“You might not want to after you hear what else I did.” He told her how Barb and he had manipulated Maggie into moving to Jake’s school district. “Unfortunately, my plan to get them to meet again backfired.”
“In what way?”
“Barbara told me Alex is dating Maggie’s daughter, and Jake is clueless that his son’s girl is her kid.”
Roxanne’s copper eyes rounded like two tarnished pennies. She slapped her hand over her mouth, stifling her laughter. “Oh, my. I’d love to be a fly on the wall when he finally figures it out.”
“So, you’re not mad?”
“No, I’m ecstatic. Maybe, now, Jake can finally be happy.”
Pulling her into his arms, Chris captured her mouth with his and murmured against her lips, “Are you saying you’ll marry me?”
“I wouldn’t go that far, Gherkin. But I’ve suddenly developed an unbelievable craving for a sweet pickle.”
~*~
At five a.m., Jake slapped the off button on his alarm, threw on some clothes, and headed over to Maggie’s condo. He pulled in next to Alex’s Vantage parked three units away and crept up to the open window.
Listening to his son’s soft snoring, he glanced at his watch and leaned against the damp building to wait for five-thirty. Suddenly, an electronic tone beeped, followed by a soft rustling for several moments.
“Can’t we make love once more before you go?” Emma murmured.
“Sorry, Angel,” Alex whispered.
“Please.”
“Jeez, Em. You know I can’t tell you no when you start touching the twins like that. Hell, all you have to do is look at me, and I get as hard as a goalpost.”
Jake rolled his eyes. Now, he knew how Maggie felt.
“I really don’t have enough time.” A few moments later, Alex whispered, “I love you. I’ll call you later this morning.”
Blowing out a breath of relief, Jake stepped behind a shrub while Alex climbed out the window and shut the screen. As his son strode away from the building toward his car, Jake stepped behind him and tapped his shoulder.
His son gasped and spun around, his fists clenched.
“Did you enjoy yourself?”
Clutching his chest, Alex closed his eyes. “Dad! You scared the crap outta me!”
“Good. What the hell did you think you were doing, sneaking into Emma’s room at night? You’ve completely betrayed Mrs. Bradford’s trust. Not to mention claiming a privilege you’re not entitled to yet.”
“I love Emma. Even if she hadn’t gotten pregnant, I was going to ask her to marry me after graduation. I don’t want to wait three or four years for her to be my wife.”
“Shhh! Keep your voice down. People are sleeping.” Jake waved his hand at all the open windows in the complex. “For crying out loud, Alex, you’re only eighteen years old with a case of raging hormones. It’s too easy at your age to confuse great sex with love.”
“I’m not confusing anything. I could have sex with any girl at school. Hell, I could have two at a time if I wanted. But I love Emma.”
“Granted, a few teenage marriages work out, but even if you really care for her, you have a better chance of being elected President.”
Alex crossed his arms over his chest. “I don’t care what the odds say. I’m not leaving for school without her.”
Jake yanked opened the door on his SUV. “You’re a hard-headed idealist, Alex. Sadly enough, you’re just like me.”
“Good. It’s a helluva lot better than taking after the other half of my gene pool.”
“Son,”—Jake huffed—“you’re not being fair to your mother. You don’t know all the circumstances.”
“She deserted me. What more is there to know?”
It was time to sit down with Alex and tell him about the dreams. Jake didn’t have to use any names or tell him the entire truth. “How do you expect to have a good relationship with Emma—or any woman—when you hate the most important one in your life?”
“My mother has nothing to do with Emma.”
“Your mother has everything to do with her. Why do you think you’ve gotten a girl pregnant at eighteen? You’re just aching for a woman’s love. And Emma’s probably replacing her dad with you. You think that’s a healthy relationship?”
Alex raised his hands. “Don’t psychoanalyze me. You know I hate that.”
“You hate it, because you know I’m right.” Jake jerked his head toward Maggie’s condo. “We’re invited to Mrs. Bradford’s for dinner tonight. How will you face her now that she knows you’ve been playing her for a fool?”
His son’s face turned crimson. “She knows I was here?”
“Did you think I just figured out you’ve been sleeping here on my own? Emma’s window is right next to her mother’s. Believe me, Mrs. Bradford was mighty embarrassed to find out her prospective son-in-law is such a stallion.”
The horror on Alex’s face said Jake had accomplished what he’d come there to do.
“That’s right, boy genius. You should’ve remembered to close the damn window.”
  

 
Chapter 8

All afternoon, Margie agonized over what to wear that evening. She didn’t want to look as if she’d dressed up for Jake, but she also wanted him to kick himself for rejecting her all those years ago. Finally she settled on a pair of khaki shorts and a turquoise knit camisole trimmed with lace and lined with a built in bra.
After she finished dressing, she filled a platter with raw vegetables and placed a bowl of spinach dip in the center. When the bell rang at ten minutes before six, Emma yelled, “I’ve got it!” and sprinted to the front door. Margie sauntered into the living room and found Alex with his arms already around her daughter.
“Hi, Maggie.” Jake smiled, looking sexier than ever in a pair of snug-fitting jeans and a snowy knit polo that accentuated his deep tan.
Emma glanced at him, wrinkling her brow. “Maggie? Nobody ever calls my mom that. She hates it. She’ll let you call her Margaret first.”
He glanced at Margie and shrugged. “What do people call her? She told me her name was Margaret. I thought that sounded sort of prissy.”
“Exactly what I’ve always thought. Call her Margie.”
Twisting his mouth a moment, he waved his hand. “Nah. I don’t like it. She’s definitely a Maggie.”
Emma peered at her, clearly waiting for a reaction. When Margie didn’t say anything, her daughter snorted. “You’re just gonna let him call you that after the stink you’ve made all these years over it?”
“He can call me Big Bird if he wants. It doesn’t mean I have to answer, nor will I grow to six-feet tall and turn bright yellow.”
Jake followed Margie into the kitchen and muttered under his breath, “Good answer, Rosebud.”
She grabbed the counter to steady herself against the pain of hearing him call her by the endearment he’d whispered in her ear while making love with her nineteen years ago.
“This is a nice condo.” He glanced around the spacious kitchen. “Did you buy it, or are you renting?”
“Renting. I wanted to make sure we liked it here before I invested in anything. I promised Emma, once we settled in, I’d buy a small house.”
She’d always yearned to stay in one place long enough to be eligible for tenure or, at the very least, have her driver’s license expire.
His gaze dropped to her bare legs and lingered. “Can I do anything to help with dinner?”
“How are you at handling a grill?”
A half-hour later, they sat down to a meal of marinated London broil, chicken/cranberry pasta salad, raw vegetables with dip, and fresh fruit salad.
Jake pointed to the separate bowl of strawberries. “Why didn’t you just put those in with the rest of the fruit?”
“Emma and I are both allergic. Dan loved them. I decided to make fruit salad while I was grocery shopping. I guess I automatically included them in my order.”
He took a bite of the pasta salad and groaned. “Oh, man, this is good. I know what I’ll be doing with my leftover roasted chicken from now on.” He smiled across the table at Emma and raised his eyebrows. “So, what decisions have you come to since yesterday?”
She stared down at her plate and murmured, “I love Alex, and I want to marry him.”
Alex hadn’t said much since he’d gotten there. It was unusual for him to be so quiet. Obviously he was embarrassed over being caught last night. Margie still hadn’t cooled down enough to trust herself to have it out with Emma. She passed Alex the platter of London broil. “Is something bothering you?”
His face turned bright pink as he seemed to struggle to swallow. “No, ma’am. I’m just trying to find a way to apologize for sneaking into your house at night.”
Emma’s face blanched, and her head snapped toward Alex. “They know?”
“Oh, yeah.” He snorted softly. “Please accept my apology, Mrs. B. I promise it won’t happen again.”
“Let’s hope not. And since you’re going to be my son-in-law, why don’t you call me Margie or Mom?” She glared at her daughter. “And as for you, young lady, when I lose the urge to yank every hair out of your head, we’ll discuss how disappointed I am in you.”
“I’m sorry. It was the only way we could be together.”
“Of course it was. You weren’t supposed to be together.”
“When are you thinking of having the wedding?” Jake asked, changing the subject.
“Two weeks from today.” Emma pushed the food around on her plate rather than eating.
Margie wiped some barbecue sauce from her lips. “That’s not very much time to make the arrangements.”
“We’re not planning anything fancy.” Alex took another huge helping of the pasta salad. “If it’s all right with my dad, we’d like to get married in the garden at his house and have a reception there with just some cold cuts and salads.”
The yard overlooking the pond behind Jake’s home would be a beautiful spot for the ceremony.
Jake crossed his arms over his chest and stared at his son. “Call it blackmail if you like, but there’s only one way you’ll get my cooperation on your wed—”
“Dad, I got a job today as a laborer on a construction site until August when I’m supposed to leave for the university. It’s boring, but the pay is good, and it’ll keep me in shape.”
“That’s great. But that’s not my condition. I’ll have nothing to do with this wedding unless you invite your mother and resolve things with her before the ceremony.”
Alex huffed. “Why the hell can’t you just leave it alone?”
“I told you why this morning. What’s it going to be? Don’t you think you owe it to your child to give him the opportunity to know his grandmother?”
Emma squeezed Alex’s arm. “Your dad’s right. I’ve always wished I had grandparents.”
Margie never knew her daughter felt that way. Dan’s mother and father had died in an auto accident after Emma’s birth. Margie had never discussed her parents with her daughter. All she’d told Emma was she’d had a major falling out with her domineering mother and left home at eighteen.
Jake squeezed his son’s shoulder. “Please, for the sake of your relationship with Emma, give your mom a chance.”
“Okay,” Alex muttered. “I’ll invite her. But I’m not makin’ any promises.”
Margie studied Emma’s gaunt face and looked down at her daughter’s full plate. She must have lost five pounds in the last month. On top of that, she looked exhausted. “Emma, you have to eat. You’re way too thin, and you’re not getting nearly enough sleep.”
“Just concentrate on her diet, Maggie.” Jake cast a sideways look at his son. “Your daughter will be getting lots of sleep from here on out. Won’t she, Alex?”
“Yes, sir.”
“To show Maggie how sincere and sorry you are, clean up the kitchen while Emma supervises.”
Margie led Jake into the living room, and sank next to him on the sofa, gnawing on her lip. “I don’t mean to pry into your family’s business, but since Alex is about to become part of mine, could you let me in on his problems with his mother?”
“I suppose you have a right to know.” His mouth drew into a thin line for a moment as he seemed to ponder what he wanted to divulge. “My wife walked out when Alex was eleven and cut the two of us out of her life. I was on the road a lot his first ten years, so, naturally, he was extremely close to Roxanne—which intensified his feelings of abandonment.”
“Why’d she leave? Was there someone else?”
“No. Not someone—something.” He fell silent while a look of indecision creased his forehead. Finally, he drew a deep breath. “I drove my wife into becoming a prescription drug addict. Living with me aggravated her problem.”
That was the last thing Margie expected. She couldn’t imagine Jake being difficult to live with. For the most part, he seemed fairly easygoing.
“Roxanne had problems with me being gone so much and the team groupies. She never trusted me.”
Margie wouldn’t have trusted him either after the way he’d jumped into bed with her while he’d been engaged. “Is that why you say you drove her to the drugs—you cheated on her while you were on the road?”
“No, way.” He shook his head vehemently. “You may find it hard to believe after what happened between us, but fidelity is important to me. I’d already decided to call off my wedding the night we slept together.”
Except, in the end, he hadn’t.
“Anyway, during my tenth season, I got sacked in the middle of a pass and cracked a vertebra which bruised my spinal cord.”
“I know. You’re lucky you weren’t paralyzed.”
“Actually, I was for several weeks. The doctors weren’t sure I would ever walk again. Roxanne was already hooked on tranquilizers, so when she started stealing my pain meds, she became a walking zombie.”
“Who was taking care of Alex?”
“We had a live-in housekeeper. Helen was like a surrogate grandma to my son. Two years ago, my father decided he needed Helen more than we did, and he married her.”
“That’s wonderful. He seemed so lonely the weekend I stayed at your house.”
“He was. They’re really happy together.” Jake shifted in his seat and turned toward her. “So once I recovered from my back injury, I decided I’d pushed my luck far enough and hung up my cleats. I hoped if I was home more my marriage would improve. Unfortunately, Roxanne didn’t give up pills. Having me in bed with her every night only made things worse between us.”
That didn’t make sense. Was Jake into kinky sex or something? “I would think having you home would’ve made her feel more secure.”
“I talk a lot in my sleep, and….” He blew out a long breath. “Look, the problems in my marriage aren’t pertinent to what you need to know. When Alex was eleven, my wife attempted suicide with an overdose of sleeping pills. Afterward, she told me she couldn’t continue to destroy Alex’s and my life anymore, and she wanted a divorce.”
“So you’re saying, he feels as if his mother deserted him—but in reality, she loved him enough to get out of his life.”
“That about sums it up. One of the things I’ve learned doing my clinical training is there’s no such thing as a perfect parent. Even when they hurt their kids, more often than not, it’s done in love. Take your mother.”
“Let’s not.” Thinking about Katherine invariably left Margie feeling bitter and angry. And since last night when she learned her own daughter was pregnant, she hadn’t been able to get her mother off her mind.
“Except she’s a great example to illustrate my point. Your mother may have been overprotective, domineering, and controlling, but I’m confident she thought she was doing the best thing for you.”
Margie’s conscience twinged at the truth in Jake’s words, making her sympathize with Alex. “I’d really prefer not to discuss my mother.” She shrugged one shoulder. “So what happened with Roxanne after she left?”
“Over the next three years she managed to clean herself up. When she tried to renew her relationship with Alex the year he was fourteen, he ignored her. My son doesn’t understand that I’m guiltier than she ever could be. He blames her for our divorce.”
“Even though you’ve never led him to believe you blame her?”
“Before now, Alex was too young to understand. But it’s time I shared with him my part in his mother’s problems.”
“I’m sure it couldn’t hurt.”
“That’s what you think. Falling off the pedestal he’s put me on could be very painful.”
~*~
Jake stared into Maggie’s eyes. Considering she hadn’t wanted him all those years ago, she seemed awfully interested in his marriage. What would she say if he told her she was at the root of his divorce?
“Regardless of how it affects Alex’s opinion of me,” Jake continued, “I have to tell him. I know what unresolved bitterness can do to a person. It eats him up inside. I want my son to forgive Roxanne and allow her to become a part of our family again. I don’t want to see him destroy his own marriage.”
“Dad?” Alex stood in the doorway, his arm around Emma. “Can I talk to you?”
“Sure, what’s up?”
“I’d like to get Emma a ring and some maternity clothes, so I’ve decided to sell the Aston Martin and buy something cheaper. There’s no rear seat for the baby so we’d have to get another car for Emma anyway. Plus, I have her doctor bills to pay for.”
Hallelujah. Just about the time Jake despaired of his son showing any maturity, Alex surprised him.
“We won’t be able to afford the insurance rates on it anyway, and with the gas it uses, I won’t be able to drive it. I figure, after Em and I buy a new car, we should come out of it with at least fifty or sixty grand. It should go a long way toward taking care of Emma and our baby for at least the next two years.”
He smiled at Alex’s use of the word we. Perhaps his son and Emma could beat the odds. “I wondered how long it would take you to realize you were driving the solution to your financial problems.”
“Well….” Alex flashed a crooked grin. “I was hoping you’d lend me some cash until I get the car sold. I wanna take Emma out for a ring tonight.”
Jake slid his credit card out of his wallet and handed it to his son. “Don’t pay what they’re asking. They’ll negotiate if you make them.”
“Thanks. You’re the best.”
Emma pressed herself to Alex’s side. “You know, we’ll have a stroller, a car seat, and a lot of other stuff to cart around for the baby. Maybe we should think about getting a minivan instead of a car.”
Alex’s face turned as pale as if Emma had shoved it in a barrel of flour. “You want me to go from a sports car that goes from zero to sixty in three-point-nine seconds to driving a van?”
“Why not? It’ll be more convenient.”
“Why not? It’s as bad as castrating a guy. Nothing screams married with children louder than a vehicle with a sliding door.”
Margie chuckled. “Isn’t that what you’ve been saying you want? To be married with a child?”
Emma’s eyes narrowed. “You’re just afraid the girls won’t check you out anymore.”
Alex simply stared at the floor.
“You are, aren’t you?” she insisted.
“Kind of.” He twisted his mouth. “But you know I’d never look back. I just don’t want my friends to think I’m whipped.”
Insecurity flickered in Emma’s eyes. Jake took her hand and squeezed it. “Remember in class when we talked about guys being egomaniacs?”
“Yeah. But I thought Alex was different.”
“In the ways that count, he is. But every man wants to feel like a rooster in a hen house,” Jake told her. “Even if he’s only chasing one of the chickens, he likes knowing he can still inspire the rest of them to lay eggs.”
Alex wrapped his arms around her. “Emmy, it’s not just about my image. I’m only eighteen. A van will make me feel old. I want something fun.”
Emma smiled sideways at her mother. “So what they say about little boy’s and men’s toys is true. They really do just get more expensive.”
“That’s putting it into perspective,” Jake said. “This old man wouldn’t mind a toy.” He turned to his son. “I have an idea that’ll solve your problem. Why don’t you get the bluebook value on your car and my SUV. I’ll trade with you and give you the difference between them. That way you’ll know what you’re getting.”
“Hey, that’d be great. Thanks.” Alex slapped his back. “Since you rode here with me tonight, we’ll drop you off at home on the way to the mall.”
“Alex, it would be rude for me to just wipe my mouth and leave right after dinner.”
“Well, how will you get home?”
“You’re going to be back by ten so Emma can get to bed early, right?”
Alex rolled his eyes. “Yes, Dad.”
Jake glanced at Maggie. “I think Emma’s mom and I can find something to talk about until you come back. If she turns out to be a bore, I’ll watch her television. And if all else fails, I’ll impose on her to drive me home again.”
After his son and Emma left, Jake sat back down and counted four pictures of Dan Bradford hanging on the walls and sitting on the tables. Maggie had obviously been crazy about the guy.
Laying his arm along the back of the sofa, he turned to her. “So now that you’ve heard some of the gory details of my marriage, what about yours?”
He listened quietly while Maggie spent the next hour giving him a chronology of all the places her family had lived in the last nineteen years.
“I know statistically a pilot’s job is no more dangerous than a bus driver’s,” she said. “Call it a premonition or paranoia if that makes the psychoanalyst in you happy, but each time Dan left for a flight, I worried he wouldn’t come home.”
“I can understand that. Especially following 9/11.”
“You’ve no idea. After the terrorists took control of those flights, Em and I were frantic every time he was gone. The weird thing is, when I finally got the call saying his plane had gone down, it was almost anticlimactic. I was in a total daze for a while, but then I felt a little guilty that I didn’t fall completely apart.”
“You couldn’t lose it with your daughter depending on you.” Jake squeezed her hand. “The guilt is normal. Imagining the worst all those years probably prepared you for losing him.”
“Maybe.” She picked a piece of lint off her top. “But no one is ever ready for their husband to die. I just handled it a lot better than I ever expected to.”
He settled back against the cushion. “So, it’s obvious life was never dull, but you haven’t said if you were happy.”
“I was very happy with Dan….” The pitch in her voice rose at the end of her statement as if there were more to it.
He arched one eyebrow. “I sense a but in that. I don’t suspect life could’ve been even close to perfect, hopping from one state to another every year or so.”
“True. However, that wasn’t the but you sensed. I was simply never sure how happy Dan was with me.”
“Was it the fifteen-year age difference?”
“Okay, Dr. Freud.” She smiled. “How’d you know that was a problem?”
“A man who marries a woman that much younger frequently does it more out of ego and physical attraction than because he has anything in common with her.”
“Oh, boy.” She sputtered. “Are you way off base. Do you ever quit analyzing everyone’s motives?”
“Probably not.” He chuckled. “It’s become automatic for me.”
“Well it makes you seem pompous and pretentious. No one likes being put under a microscope all the time.”
“Sorry. I just like knowing what makes people tick.” He crossed his arms over his chest. “If that bothers you, you play the psychologist instead. Why do you think the age difference made Dan unhappy?”
“I don’t think. I know. His first wife cheated on him. Dan treated me like a priceless possession that he had to guard all the time. He hated other men even looking at me.”
“I don’t blame him. You’re an incredibly beautiful woman.”
A pink tinge seeped into her cheeks. “I never felt beautiful in my glasses. My eyes had trouble tolerating contact lenses, and I was afraid to even suggest LASIK surgery because Dan worried so much about losing me to someone younger. After he died, Barbara and Emma convinced me to have the operation.”
Jake gently touched her cheek under one of her expressive eyes. “To be truthful, I miss your glasses. They made your eyes look even bigger than they are.”
She dropped her gaze from his and licked her lips. “I think Dan’s jealousy was part of the reason he wanted to move so often. It kept me dependent on him for companionship and prevented me from forming any close friendships. Deep down, he was incredibly insecure.”
“How does a guy lacking in self-confidence get to be an airline pilot?”
“Easy. A man’s personal life is very different from his professional one. And I was a bit of a disappointment to my husband in the bed—” A stricken look flashed across her face, indicating she regretted running off at the mouth. “I’m just certain I helped feed his feelings of inadequacy.”
Jake stared at her, bewildered. Maggie had responded to him more eagerly than any woman he’d ever been with. “It would make sense for you to feel inadequate if you were a disappointment to your husband, but why would he feel that way?”
Her gnawing on her lip said she wasn’t comfortable with the turn in the conversation.
“Or was Dan frustrated because he didn’t feel like he could satisfy you?”
She turned her face away. “What makes you think I didn’t feel deficient, too? Look, I really don’t want to talk about my husband’s and my sex life with you.”
His tongue moved restlessly in his mouth as he gazed at her soft pout. Would she taste as sweet as he remembered? He cupped her face in his palm and turned it so he could look into her eyes. “But I do want to talk about it. I spent three nights with you in my bed. It took only the one I made love to you to be able to testify you have no reason to feel deficient, Rosebud.”
She ripped her gaze away from his. “I don’t want to discuss this. And please stop calling me that.”
“That’s how I’ll always think of you, Maggie. Why don’t you want to talk about how good it was between us? Afraid it’ll ruin the memory of what you had with Dan?”
“No, I just don’t see the point in dredging up the past—especially when what I felt with you wasn’t real.” 
So Maggie had terminated her pregnancy because she’d realized she hadn’t loved him.
“I warned you at the time that you were confusing great sex with love, didn’t I?”
She squeezed her eyes shut, again avoiding his gaze. “That’s not what I meant. It’s that so-called great sex that was blown out of proportion. I don’t know what I felt that night. It was my first taste of passion, and I wasn’t completely sober. People always remember their first experience with something as being better than reality.”
“I have news for you, Sweetheart. By the time we became intimate, it’d been six hours since your last drink. If I hadn’t been sure the booze had worn off, I never would’ve touched you—regardless of whether I thought you were a working girl or not.”
It felt as if two decades of fantasies had become reality. He longed to play out his seduction-rejection scenario. Combing his fingers through her hair, he smiled. “Why don’t we do a little experiment and find out how accurate your memory is?”
Dipping his head, he covered her mouth with his in a soft, seductive kiss. He teased her lips to part and swept his tongue into her mouth. Damn, she still tasted sweet—like the fresh peaches from dinner. A soft groan escaped his chest as he slid his hand over her lush breast.
Her back arched, thrusting her softness into his palm as her breathing became ragged. Her tongue mated eagerly with his and a tiny whimper rose from her throat.
She was even more responsive than he remembered.
He nibbled his way across her cheek to her ear and murmured, “And that was just a kiss, Rosebud. How would you react if I really made love to you?”
“Please, don’t do this.” She shoved herself away. “I think I’ll go make some coffee.”
Grabbing her hand, he pulled her back and tipped up her chin to look into her eyes. “If my kiss gave you a craving for coffee, I guess maybe you’re right. Whatever made you cry, ‘Oh, Jake, please do that again,’ that night must not have been real.”
~*~
Margie jerked her hand away and escaped into the kitchen, her cheeks on fire. She wasn’t about to admit that, although Dan’s kisses had been pleasant, the experience had lacked the heart-pounding, shivering sensation that ricocheted through her when Jake held her.
While she measured coffee grounds into a filter, her fingers shook. His arms slid around her waist from behind and pulled her tightly against his solid chest, the rigid length of him pressing into her back. He nuzzled his way through her hair to her nape and nibbled on her neck, his hands roaming over the front of her, making her whole body tingle with desire until her panties felt soaked.
Wrenching herself out of his vice-like hold, she spun to face him. “Look, I’m not interested in a stroll down memory lane with you. I’d like us to simply forget we ever previously knew each other.”
He framed her face with his hands, his eyes searching hers. “I’m sorry. I can’t make a baby with a woman and just forget about it.”
She bit back a bitter sneer and dumped a carafe of water into the coffeemaker. He might not be able to forget the night they’d conceived their child, but he’d certainly had no trouble forgetting her the moment she was no longer carrying his baby.
“You seem to be able to keep those memories to yourself just fine in front of our children. See if you can carry that over to when we’re alone. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I need to use the bathroom.”
When she pulled down her underwear in the john a few moments later, she breathed a sigh of relief at seeing the bright red stain on her crotch. As least she could blame her period for her wet panties instead of his kisses.
By the time she cleaned herself up and returned to the kitchen, the coffee was nearly finished brewing. She watched the final drops fall into the pot, and the heavy uncomfortable silence hanging between them finally got to her. “So....” She smiled with false gaiety. “What about the kids’ wedding? Are we going to have them make the arrangements for it, or should we handle it?”
He took his time answering her. “Inasmuch as I’d like to let them be completely responsible, that’s probably not feasible with their final exams and graduation rehearsal. And then there’s Alex’s job and Emma’s doctor appointment to squeeze in, too.”
Not to mention, it all had to be accomplished in the next week by two kids with no experience in dealing with anything like that.
Taking down two cups from the cabinet, she shrugged. “So you think we should just ask them what they want and arrange it all for them?”
“That would probably be best.”
After filling the two mugs with coffee, she handed him one and opened the refrigerator and poured some milk into her own. A self-satisfied smile slowly curled Jake’s mouth. “You remembered I like it black.”
“Huh?”
He held up his mug. “Nineteen years, and you still remember how I drink it.”
Her palm itched to wipe the smug smile off his face. He would probably crow with delight if he knew all the other things she recalled about him. Like the fact the backs of his knees were extremely ticklish. Or his passion for the pecan pie she’d baked that afternoon, which now she couldn’t offer him.
Her memory still held intimate little details about him that she’d learned during the two nights he’d just held her in bed. Like the way he mumbled in his sleep, that he liked the right side of the bed, and he didn’t like the covers tucked around his feet.
“Don’t flatter yourself. I just unconsciously handed it to you that way because Dan drank his black,” she fibbed, praying Emma would never have occasion to mention her father had drunk his coffee light and sweet.
One dark eyebrow raised a fraction. “Hmmm….I guess I must’ve been mistaken about the pie I thought I saw in your refrigerator.”
It obviously did wonders for his ego that a woman he’d dismissed so easily had never been able to forget the tiniest details of the four days and three nights she’d spent with him. Cocking her head, she feigned a questioning look. “Oh, do you like pecan pie? That’s wonderful. I was hoping to fatten Emma up. Would you like a slice with your coffee?”
His lips smacked in amusement. “I don’t suggest you quit teaching to pursue a career on the stage, Maggie. I’d love a piece.”
Once she served him a huge wedge, they carried their coffee into the living room. Jake propped his stockinged feet on the coffee table and groaned as he scraped the first taste of his dessert off his fork with his teeth. “Oh, man. This is about the best I’ve ever tasted. Why aren’t you having a piece?”
“Do you know how many calories are in a slice of that?” If she had any hope of shedding some weight before her daughter’s wedding, she didn’t dare even look at dessert. And she was going to have to trade the second half of her sandwich at lunch each day for a walk.
“So then just have a taste of mine.” He captured her lips in another sweet, tantalizing kiss that left her dazed. When he drew back, he murmured, “I’m not looking to rehash our past. I want new memories so I can forget what happened between us.”
Her head spun as he lowered her back on the sofa, his pecan flavored mouth becoming more demanding than before. Curling her fingers into his hard chest, she shivered in response to his tongue leading hers in a frenzied mating dance.
“Look, Mom!”
 

 
Chapter 9

Damn. Jake sprang away from Maggie as her daughter burst through the front door. The kids had to have bought the first ring they saw to get back that fast. He glanced at Emma’s outraged face, then at Maggie.
Now what? From the day he’d met this woman, his desire for her had caused nothing but trouble for him.
“How could you do this to Daddy?” Emma’s features twisted in revulsion. “I thought you loved him.”
“I do, Em. I—”
“Emma.” He squeezed Maggie’s hand and lied through his teeth in an attempt to mollify her daughter. “This isn’t what it looks like. I kissed your mom. She didn’t kiss me back.”
“Why would you hit on my mother? You’ve known her one stinking day.”
Telling the girl the truth would only upset her more.
Alex wrapped his arms around Emma. “Angel, calm down.”
“No, I won’t calm down. It’s gross.” Emma spun on Jake again. “You’re going to be my father-in-law, Mr. Manion.”
“That’s right, so why don’t you call me Jake or Dad?”
“No.” Her upper lip curled. “You’re nothing like my dad. He never would’ve come on to my fiancé’s mother.”
Had he likened Emma to a timid kitten the evening before? He never would’ve guessed she could turn into such a fierce little tigress when her family was threatened, which apparently was what she was feeling.
Although her father had been dead for almost two years, the icy hostility chilling her gray eyes said she saw Jake as an interloper in her parent’s marriage, and she wasn’t about to let him off the hook until she was good and ready.
“I’m sorry. You’re right. I shouldn’t have kissed your mom. When you came in, you wanted to show her your ring. Let’s see it.”
She hesitated, and Alex caressed her cheek. “Em, don’t let what happened spoil the night for you.”
Reluctantly, she thrust her hand under her mother’s nose. “Isn’t it gorgeous? There’s a wedding band that matches.”
Maggie held her daughter’s finger and studied the ring they’d chosen. “It’s beautiful, Sweetie.”
Even with his limited knowledge of diamonds, Jake could tell the tiny stone couldn’t be much more than a quarter carat not counting the little chips running along the white gold band.
Alex shrugged. “I wanted to buy her a bigger one, but silly Emma insisted we should save the money to pay for diapers of all things. Go figure.”
Jake squeezed his son’s shoulder and smiled at Emma. “It’s perfect.”
“Thank you,” Emma forced past her tightlipped smile. Apparently she needed some time to warm back up to him.
“Well, goodnight, ladies.” Jake reached for the doorknob. “We’ll let you get to bed.”
Maggie stopped him. “So I’ll take care of making the arrangements for the reception?”
“No, I want to help you.”
Glancing back at Emma locked in Alex’s embrace, Maggie sniped under her breath, “Why? So you can torture me some more?”
“That wasn’t my plan. But now that you mention it, that sounds quite entertaining. Besides,” Jake winked at her and whispered, “it’s my experience you seem to like my brand of torture.”
He cleared his throat loudly, and Alex and Emma jumped apart. “We thought, since you two have finals coming up and the arrangements have to be made for the wedding as soon as possible, maybe we should take care of booking a caterer and ordering the flowers for you.”
Alex arched his eyebrows at Emma. “Is that okay with you, Angel?”
“I guess so. My mom knows what I like. And after all, they’ll be paying for it. What about you?”
“As long as we get married, I don’t care if we have peanut butter sandwiches and dandelions.”
~*~
The moment Alex started the engine, Jake reached down and flipped off the car stereo so he would have his son’s complete attention. “I’d like to talk to you.”
Alex shifted into reverse and backed out of the parking space. “About?”
“Your mom.”
Closing his eyes, Alex huffed and slammed the stick shift into first gear. “Not again.” The tires squealed as he let out the clutch. “I already told you I’d invite her.”
“It’s not your relationship with her that I want to talk about. It’s mine.” If Jake had learned nothing else in his psychology classes it was his son needed to forgive his mother before he could hope to have a good relationship with other women. “You don’t know the whole story. Your mom had no choice but to leave us.”
“Yeah, so you keep telling me.”
“Well, it’s true, damn it. I was slowly driving her out of her mind. She was no good for you the way she was, and she knew it. I’m hoping maybe, now that you’re having a child of your own, you’ll be able to understand she left because she loved you.”
Alex glared at him. “I thought we weren’t talking about my relationship with her.”
“I’m not. I’m trying to make you understand that, if you’re going to blame anyone for your mom becoming an addict and leaving, it should be me.”
“Come on, Dad. Lots of men do things that piss off their wives. Other women don’t get strung out over it.”
Jake laid his hand on his son’s shoulder. “That’s what you don’t understand. It wasn’t just some annoying habit that drove your mom over the edge.”
“No?” Alex cocked one eyebrow at him. “Then what?”
Jake told him what had happened without mentioning who the woman was or the fact that he’d gotten her pregnant. “You’re a man now, Alex, so I’ll be blunt with you. This girl was like a wet-dream come to life for me.” There was something about Maggie’s sweetness that turned him on like no other woman ever had.
“So why didn’t you just marry her, instead?”
Jakes throat tightened. “She didn’t want me.”
Alex did a double take. “Get out. She dumped you—the NFL’s first draft pick?”
“I couldn’t believe it, either. I’d never been rejected before. At that point, I realized, even though I might not have been cloud-nine in-love with your mom, I did care a lot for her. So I went through with our wedding.”
Jake turned in his seat to face Alex. “When your Uncle Chris teased me in college about talking in my sleep, I figured he meant occasionally.”
“No.” Alex snorted. “You do it a lot. I hear you mumbling all the time at night.”
“I don’t know if it was unresolved bitterness, a wounded ego, or what, but I had a lot of dreams about the woman and talked during them. Even though I loved your mom and tried like hell to be a good husband, she couldn’t handle knowing I wasn’t passionately in love with her.”
“That’s it? She became an addict ‘cause you had the hots for some fantasy woman?”
Jake heaved a deep sigh. “Alex, if Emma started having erotic dreams about some other guy she’d slept with and moaned his name in her sleep, how do you think you would handle it?”
The muscles in his son’s throat visibly convulsed, and he simply nodded.
“I kept this from you at the time because you were so young, but now you need to know your mom was so depressed, she tried to kill herself. The only way she could get better was to get away from me. If she hadn’t, she would’ve ended up dead.”
Alex braked at a traffic signal and pressed his fingers to his eyelids and choked out, “But she didn’t need to get away from me.”
Jake looked away from the pain on his son’s face. He probably should’ve waited until they got home, but he’d wanted Alex held captive so he’d be forced to listen to him. “You’re upset. Why don’t you let me drive?”
“No.” Alex wiped his eyes and sniffed. “I’m, okay.”
“Son, your mom couldn’t take care of herself, let alone you. She believed you were better off without her. By the time she cleaned up and was ready to be a mother again, you wanted no part of her.”
“Do you blame me? She ignored me for three years.”
“No, I don’t, and neither does she. Believe me, Alex, if I could’ve forced myself to feel more for your mom, I would’ve. Lord knows I tried.”
“But you were in love with that girl.”
“No, I was in lust with her.” Jake shrugged. “I’m not proud of any of this. I feel like a deviant telling my kid about my sexual fantasies. But I don’t see any other way to convince you to give your mom a chance.”
Alex turned the Vantage into their driveway and pressed the remote for the garage door as he pulled in. “I promise I’ll try.”
~*~
On the way home from their meeting at the White Glove caterers on Sunday afternoon, Margie stared out the passenger’s side window, treating Jake to a chilly silence. She’d had enough of him running roughshod over her. She should have called her friend Louise and asked her to go with her and left him completely out of this.
By the time they arrived back at her condo, he was clearly fed up with her as well. “I’ve never met anyone with such vivid body language before,” he told her. “What the hell is your problem? You must have a whopping case of PMS.”
Damn him. He’d hit the nail right on its head.
“Isn’t that just like a man? Anytime a woman is annoyed, it’s got to be her hormones.” She jerked her head around to face him. “You want to know what my problem is? It’s you, Mister. Where do you get off telling the caterer to bill everything to your credit card?”
“That’s what you’re upset over?”
“Yes. What gives you the right to arbitrarily steal the privilege of paying for my daughter’s wedding?”
“Ex-cuuse me.” He swung the SUV into a parking space in front of her unit. “I didn’t realize you considered it an honor to shell out for this shindig.”
“Well, I do. Dan and I were married at the courthouse.” She’d always regretted not having a real ceremony with lots of flowers and beautiful dresses. “We always planned to give Emma the fairytale wedding we didn’t have.”
“At sixty bucks a head for just the food, I’d say we’re doing that.”
“No, you’re doing it.” She poked his chest. “Or trying to. What happened to the little hot dogs, chicken wings, and cold buffet we agreed to order?”
Since Alex intended to invite the entire football team and their dates, they’d originally planned an informal reception with paper plates.
“I was hoping to redeem myself a bit with Emma by giving her a fancy reception and a cocktail hour.”
“During which, I might add, the majority of the guests will be limited to sparkling cider or punch.”
The canopy to shield everyone from the sun and possible rain had cost over four hundred dollars alone—and that was without any tables or chairs to go under it. If that wasn’t expensive enough, in lieu of the plastic and paper goods they’d planned on, Jake had requested crystal and china tableware and opted for a chilled seafood bar as well as butler service to pass a large assortment of fancy hot and cold hors d’oeuvres. The cocktail hour was now to be followed by a gourmet buffet with a carving station.
“And do you really think with all the food you ordered it’s necessary to have a Viennese table in addition to a three-tiered Black Forest wedding cake?”
Jake tossed his hands up. “Okay, so I admit I got a little carried away. I didn’t eat lunch today, and the pictures of all those pastries made me hungry. Alex is my only child.”
“Thank you. I needed to be reminded of that.”
“I’m sorry. I wasn’t trying to do that. I’m just saying I wanted to surprise the kids with a day they’ll remember.”
“Exactly.” She jabbed his chest again. “You’re doing it all.”
He grabbed her finger. “Stop poking me, damn it. That hurts.”
Good. Too bad her fingernails weren’t longer.
“Look, Maggie, I understand how tough it must be for you to have your daughter getting married without Dan, but—”
“You have no idea what I’m feeling.” Every time she thought of her daughter walking down the aisle without her daddy beside her, a flood of angry tears welled in Margie’s eyes. And they had nothing to do with her menstrual cycle.
“Look, most guests will be Alex’s and my family and friends. I feel like I should pay for a large part of the reception.”
She continued to stare out the window.
“Damn it, I’m talking to you. Don’t ignore me.”
She turned and looked him straight in the eye. “When you say something that’s worth listening to, you pompous jerk, I won’t.”
He sucked in his cheeks in amusement. “I see you’ve developed some gumption over the years. I suppose late is better than never. How about we compromise? You can pay for the flowers, the photographer, the DJ, and Emma’s dress.”
“Fine.” She got out and slammed the car door.
Jake lowered the passenger window and shouted, “When a woman uses the word fine it generally means it’s anything but fine.”
She was simply sick of arguing. “Okay, you don’t like that word? How about the kids’ favorite one? Whatever.”
“You know, frustration in the bedroom often causes a sour temperament,” he called, backing out of the space. “Call me if you’d like me to sweeten yours.”
As his sexual innuendo dawned on her, she hollered after his car, “I’d jump in a snake pit first!” Or better yet, shove him in instead.
~*~
As soon as Jake got home, he strode into his study and punched out Roxanne’s number on the phone. Ever since she’d left them, he’d called her every month or so to give her an update on how Alex was doing. When his ex-wife answered, he hesitated a moment. She sounded different. Actually happy.
“Hello?” she said a second time.
“Hi, Honey, how are you?”
“Good,” she responded in a wary tone. “How’s Alex?”
“He’s the reason I’m calling. I was hoping you’d be able to visit in two weeks.”
“No.” Roxanne groaned. “I’ve told you before—I can’t take any more rejection.”
He tapped a pen against his knee. “I know. But something’s happened that’s made him more receptive to talking to you.”
“Oh? What’s that?”
“Alex is in love. He needs to resolve things with you, Rox. I told him the details about our problems. I think he finally understands you stayed out of his life because you love him.”
“Oh, Jake, please don’t get my hopes up. Does he really want to talk to me?”
“I think so. But even if he doesn’t, he needs to. He’s getting married the Saturday after next. In fact, if you can come a few days earlier, you could see him graduate.”
“Married? He’s only eighteen. Can’t you talk him out of— ”  Roxanne gasped. “He got the girl pregnant, didn’t he?”
“Yup. And I wouldn’t be surprised if his problem with you is why. The kid is starved for a woman’s love. He needs to set things right with you before he commits to a wife. Otherwise, he’ll just end up transferring his anger—”
“Knock it off with the psychology crap. You don’t have to convince me. I’ll be there.”
“Emma’s a sweetheart.” Or at least she used to be.
“If you think she’s special, then I’m sure I will, too.”
He gnawed on his lip and sighed. As soon as he introduced Roxanne to Maggie, she would undoubtedly guess, so he might as well be up front with her.
“That’ll depend on whether you can forget who her mother—”
“I know who she is, Jake. Chris told me who Alex has been dating.”
“Chris? How the hell did he know? I just found out two days—”
“How do you think Maggie ended up working in the same school district as you?”
Jake slammed his hand down on the cherry desk. “That interfering son of a bitch!”
“Don’t be mad. He meant well—despite how it turned out. It just proves history really does repeat itself.”
“That twelve-step program has worked wonders if you can defend two people who’ve made your life miserable.”
Roxanne sighed. “I’ve just made so many mistakes I have no right to condemn anyone else.”
“Well, I hope you’re cutting yourself some slack, too, while you’re at it.”
“I’d like to, but….” She fell silent for several moments as if she couldn’t find the right words. “Jake, I have a confession to make. I know it would be kinder to leave you in the dark, but I’m trying to get on with my life. For my own sanity I need to get this off my chest.”
“Okay.”
“I hope you can forgive me.” She inhaled audibly and spit out her words in a rush. “While-we-were-married, I-had-two-abortions.”
His gut felt as if he’d been sucker punched.
“I know how much you wanted more children.” She sobbed. “But I was taking so many drugs I was terrified what they would do to a fetus, and I couldn’t stop. I didn’t want to destroy another child’s life. And I have to admit a part of me wanted to punish you.”
His chest shuddered as he squeezed his eyes shut to stem the tears brimming in his eyes. “I understand why you felt you had to do it,” he rasped. Women had no idea how helpless it made a guy feel to know he had no say over his unborn baby’s life. At least his ex-wife had had some justification for her abortions—unlike Margie who simply hadn’t wanted his baby.
“I’m really sorry. Can you forgive me?”
“I’ll try.” He grabbed a tissue from the box on his desk and wiped his eyes. “After what I put you through, I have no right to hold a grudge.”
“Thank you.”
“So how about Alex’s graduation that Wednesday? Can you make it?”
“Not at this late notice. I have a major customer flying in that day. But I promise I’ll be there for the wedding.”
“Come Friday night and stay in our guest room. We’ll all have dinner together. It’ll give you and Alex a chance to talk before the wedding.”
“O-okay.” Her voice faltered. “So, have you and Maggie….you know?”
“No. I’ve told you how ambivalent I feel toward her.”
“And you don’t think years of dreaming about the woman means something?”
Sure. It meant he was nuts.
He rubbed his face. “I don’t deny wanting Maggie. But that’s all wrapped up in a ton of resentment. I have no idea how I feel about her, otherwise. For example, this afternoon I could’ve throttled her.”
“I think there’s a lot more to your fixation than you think, Jake. What would you tell Gherkin if he told you he’d been lusting after the same woman for nineteen years?”
He heaved a frustrated sigh. “Oh, hell, I’d most likely tell him to sleep with her and get her out of his system.”
“And what if he wanted her even more afterward?”
“I guess it would mean he probably loved her.”
“Thanks.” Roxanne chuckled. “That’s just what I needed to hear.”
~*~
Emma tossed her turkey sandwich down on her lunch tray, nauseated by the odor of greasy beef stew in the cafeteria. “How can they expect people to eat in here when the place smells like dog food?”
“That sick look on your face tells me the rumor about you might be true,” Kristen mumbled, munching her potato chips.
Greg Stenchler’s strawberry blonde girlfriend and Emma had been eating lunch together ever since they’d double-dated for the prom.
“Yeah, it’s true.”
“When Greg called last night and told me you and Alex were gettin’ married, I sort of figured it must be.”
Emma held out her left hand. “Well, it’s official.”
“Ohhh, Em!” Kristen squealed and squeezed her hand. “Your ring is beautiful.”
Brandy plopped down across from her, clacking her chewing gum. “So, I guess you must’ve been absent the day Mr. M covered abstinence, huh, Emma?”
Kristen glowered at her. “You’re a fine one to talk.”
“Me?” Brandy pointed at her D-cup boobs, her eyes widening in feigned innocence. “I’ll have you know, I’m still a virgin.”
“Yeah, right.” Kristen snorted. “You and Pamela Anderson. You may not have spread your legs for anyone, but you’ve had more dicks in your mouth this year than three porn queens put together.”
“Hey, at least I’m not trappin’ some guy into marriage and ruining his life.”
Emma glanced around the cafeteria. She refused to give Brandy the satisfaction of knowing she’d upset her. “I think I’ll go see what’s keeping Alex and Greg—”
Just then, the guys strolled into the lunchroom. As Alex scanned the rows of tables, his gaze locked on Brandy and a look of terror flitted across his face. He raced across the room and slid into the chair next to Emma. “Get lost, Brandy, you’re in Greg’s seat.”
“Really, Alex.” Brandy huffed. “You’re so inhospitable. I just stopped by to see Emma’s ring.”
“And to insult her,” Kristen added.
“So who’s gonna be your maid of honor?” Brandy asked, knowing full well Emma hadn’t lived in the area long enough to have a best friend.
Alex slung his arm around Emma’s shoulders. “Not that it’s any of your business but Em and I are planning to ask our parents to stand up with us. Aren’t we, Angel?”
They were? Emma looked up at Alex and mouthed a silent thank you. Somehow, he always knew how to make things easier for her. “That’s right.” She turned and flashed a saccharine smile at the bitchy cheerleader. “I would’ve asked you to do me the honor, Brandy, but I’d like to be able to look at my wedding pictures without puking.”
~*~
Margie pinched the bridge of her nose while Simon read an old newspaper clipping covering one of that year’s high school football games. “Try it again, Simon.”
“He threw a pr-pre....” He glanced up at her, his blue eyes pleading for help.
“Perfect.”
“He threw a perfect spr—sprial.” He wrinkled his forehead. “That’s supposed to be spiral isn’t it?”
“Yes. You’re putting the R sound in the wrong place in these words.”
Simon held his dark blond head between his hands. “I’m never gonna get this, Mrs. B.”
She was beginning to feel like he might be right. “Yes, you will. Did you know experts suspect Walt Disney, Thomas Edison, and Albert Einstein all had learning disabilities, too?”
“Yeah, but they were all geniuses.”
“You’re very smart, Simon. I couldn’t begin to memorize all your football plays. And you get As in algebra.”
“I remember this game. Alex’s touchdown in the last quarter was awesome.”
In using the subject of football to motivate Simon all year, Margie had learned everything she’d never wanted to know about the sport.
“When he dropped back to pass on the fourth down, his safe pocket broke apart. Instead of throwing a Hail Mary, Alex managed to find a hole in the line. The only problem was his receiver was out of the pass pattern, so he had to cross the line of scrimmage and run the ball himself. Would you believe he made a seventy-yard run for a touchdown?”
The enthused twinkle in Simon’s eyes told her she was on the right track using football to motivate him. With any luck, Jake would be able to build the kid’s self-esteem.
“I suppose that made his father proud.”
“You’d think so, wouldn’t ya? But I heard the coach chewing Alex out afterward for not playing it safe. Which I don’t get. I’ve seen highlights from Rocket’s pro games, and he took a lot bigger chances than that.”
“He was being paid to put himself at risk,” she pointed out, “Alex wasn’t. And Coach Manion also had his back broken as a result. Unlike his son, he had his education to fall back on when his football career ended prematurely.”
Simon rolled his eyes and muttered in a sing-song voice, “Which is why I have to learn to read better.”
“Exactly.” She wrote the word spiral both the correct way and the way Simon had read it, using a red marker for the R’s and a blue one for the vowels blended with them. “Do you see the difference?”
“Sure.” He slumped in his seat, despair etching his face. “When you point it out to me.”
Her throat swelled closed. He just needed a little hope in his life. “Eventually you’ll start seeing it without me showing you. I’m giving you a list of words with Rs and vowel blends in them for homework. I want you to copy them the way I just did, using a red marker to write the Rs and a blue one for the vowels. Then read the list out loud to yourself.”
She jotted down twenty words and handed him the paper. “If you can read this list to me tomorrow without making more than two mistakes, I’ll arrange for you to have a private workout with Coach Manion.” Of course, she wasn’t about to tell the kid Jake would call him regardless.
Simon left the classroom with a spring in his step as Louise, the school librarian, poked her head in the door. “Hey, how’d the big reunion go on Friday night with you-know-who?” She strolled into the room and rested her butt on the table’s edge. “Was it as awkward seeing him again as you thought it would be?”
Friday seemed like a million years ago. “Awkward doesn’t begin to describe it. The kids wanted us to meet so they could tell us my daughter is pregnant.”
Louise clapped a hand over her mouth. “Oh, Lord. I’m so sorry. I assume, since Emma told you about it, she’s planning to have the baby.”
Margie nodded. “The kids are getting married, and then Emma’s moving in with Alex and Jake until they leave for Penn State. I don’t know how I’m going to get through the rest of this year.”
She spent the next several minutes telling Louise how she’d spent her weekend fielding Jake’s uncomfortable questions and advances while they’d planned the wedding. “You’ll be getting an invitation for two Saturdays from now at three-o’clock. You’re one of four guests on my measly list.”
“Oh, damn.” Louise groaned. “My nephew is getting married that same day. I’m sorry, Marge. I wish I could be there all day for you. But I should at least be able to make it for Emma’s ceremony.”
“That’s okay. Don’t sweat it.” Once Emma moved out, Margie would be spending a lot more time by herself. She might as well get used to being alone. “Now I have only two weeks to lose the blubber I’ve put on in the last year and a half, so I won’t look like the Hindenburg in the wedding pictures. I’m planning to start walking. Want to join me tomorrow at lunchtime?”
“Sure. But I wouldn’t worry too much about your weight, Margie. It sounds like your plate’s going to be so full the next two weeks you won’t have time to eat.”
“True.” But what was she going to do after the wedding? “On a brighter note, Jake agreed to work with Simon this summer to help motivate him while I tutor the kid.”
“That’s good news.” Louise smiled. “If nothing else, it should help distract you from Emma leaving home.”
“For a few hours at least. What am I supposed to do with the other hundred and sixty hours a week this summer? A woman can take just so many hot baths before she turns into a prune.”
Louise chuckled. “Isn’t there something you’ve always wanted to do and never found time for?”
“Hmm. Let me think. Skydiving?” Margie flashed a humorless smile at her friend. “No, wait, scratch that. I have acrophobia.”
Sadly, the only thing she’d ever aspired to accomplish, other than being a devoted wife and mother, was to stamp out illiteracy—which was tough with only a size six foot. Dan was gone now, and Emma would soon be living two hundred miles away. That only left buying a pair of size seventeen storm trooper boots and saving the world from ignorance.
Or having a nervous breakdown.
 
 
 
Chapter 10

Emma strolled into her last period class to find the room still empty except for Phil Carmichael crawling from behind Mr. M’s desk. She slid into her regular seat. “What were you doing back there?”
Phil boosted his butt onto the low bookcases under the windows. “Nothin’. I dropped my pencil, okay, lil’ Mama?” 
“Zip it, Carmichael,” Alex’s dad snapped as he strode into the room, drinking a bottle of water. “And take a seat.”
She had enjoyed her Human Development class with Alex’s dad so much during the first semester she’d registered for his Marriage and Family course for the second half of the year. The class was in such high demand and covered so many sensitive topics, the three sections of the controversial course were only open to seniors.
Mr. M perched on the edge of his desk as he routinely did while the students meandered in. Normally they chatted until the bell rang. Instead, Emma stared out the window, pointedly ignoring Alex’s father. 
She’d thought he really cared about his students and believed what he taught about developing a meaningful relationship before jumping into bed. In reality, it was all just an act and he was a big, fat fraud. Why else would he hit on her mom the day after they met? Not that her mom was much better. Mr. Manion insisted she hadn’t encouraged him, but from what Emma saw, her dad was the furthest thing from her mom’s mind.
Mr. M passed around the attendance sheet for the kids to sign, then strode over to the CD player, and slid in a disc.
The whine of an electric guitar, punctuated by a set of drums cut through the classroom, and one of the kids hollered, “Crank it up, Mr. M.”
He pushed up the volume. By the middle of the Meat Loaf song, the whole class was singing along and drumming on their desks to the beat of Paradise by the Dashboard Light.
At the end of the song, Alex’s dad flipped the machine off. “Okay, I gotta know right now!” he shouted, mimicking the singer on the CD. “What was the artist’s point?” He waved toward a girl sitting in back. “Janice.”
“You shouldn’t let a guy con you that he’s in love with you just so you’ll sleep with him.”
“There’s a flip side for the fellows, isn’t there?”
“Yeah, a guy shouldn’t say it unless he means it.”
“Or he could end up praying for the end of time.” Brandy smirked at Emma.
Carmichael lifted his hand. “Guys only say it cuz girls won’t put out otherwise.”
Mr. M nodded and silently strolled around the room for a few moments. “So is that what going to bed with someone should be about? Who thinks you should be in love to have sex?”
Emma snorted inwardly. How do you spell hypocrite? J-A-K-E M-A-N-I-O-N.
Nearly all the girls raised their hands, whereas only a few guys did. Naturally, Brandy’s was still in her lap. Jake stepped behind Carmichael and slapped his back. “So I guess Studly has made a valid point. What does that tell you, ladies?”
“Guys talk from their flies and not from their hearts,” called out a girl next to the window.
“Now you’re catching on. Every one of these fellows would love to climb into the back seat with a different one of you each day of the week. It’s simply the way nature wired them.” He spread his hands in an apologetic stance. “I’m sorry, guys, but it’s my job to tell them your secrets. What you might not know, ladies, is these same eager studs aren’t so open-minded about the girls they care about. Are you, fellas?”
All around the classroom, the guy’s faces turned pink.
“Coach, don’t you think it’s unfair for men to hold women to a higher sexual standard?” Brandy asked.
“Absolutely. And I’m not saying it’s okay for a man to sleep around—just that nature makes it a little tougher for him to resist temptation.”
Maybe nature excused him for hitting on her mother, but Emma didn’t.
“That still doesn’t make it fair,” one girl muttered.
“No, it’s not.” He crossed his arms over his chest. “And it’s also not fair woman are the ones to get pregnant and be stuck paying the bulk of the consequences for sex.”
Heat surged into Emma’s cheeks as she felt every set of eyes in the room turn toward her.
“But at the same time, is it fair for women to send guys mixed signals?” he continued. “Women say they want sensitive men who’ll communicate with them while the whole time they’re swooning over brooding bad-boys in movies and literature. Is it fair that men, who’ve always played the traditional role of providers, feel usurped and superfluous while women become CEO’s, abort their unborn children, and visit sperm banks?”
Mr. M scanned the class and snorted. “Come on, people, it’s June. If you’ve gotten nothing else out of this class, I’m hoping you’ve learned that life is never fair.”
He could say that again. Emma glared at Brandy. Fair would be if that blonde bimbo developed a severe case of acne and gained twenty pounds.
Fair would be if Emma could have her dad back.
“The song we just listened to will be the basis of an essay question on your final exam,” Mr. M explained. “You’ll be expected to use what we’ve discussed this year to make a case as to whether the fellow in the song should or shouldn’t keep the commitment he made to the girl while weighing all the pros and cons.”
For the rest of the period, the class broke into small groups to work on the presentations they would be making during the next two days. When the bell finally rang, Alex’s father stepped in front of Emma as she prepared to leave. “Em, could you stay a minute?”
“Alex is waiting to drive me home.”
“He can wait.”
She dropped her pile of books on his desk.
After the last of the students wandered out, he said, “I noticed some kids were giving you a hard time. I’m sorry about where the discussion in class went today. I hope it didn’t embarrass you too much.”
“Isn’t that why you mentioned girls getting pregnant? Or was this lesson about men’s temptation your cop out for coming on to my mother?”
His jaw tightened. “No. I brought it up because it’s part of the final exam. My class plans were made a long time ago. I just wanted you to know I wasn’t trying to draw attention to you. The fact my son is responsible for your situation forces me to be even more vocal about teen abstinence. As for your mom, I simply kissed a woman I was attracted to. So please stop acting as if I molested her.”
“Sure. Whatever.” She scooped up her books and dashed out of the room. Halfway down the flight of stairs, she noticed she’d accidentally picked up the class attendance sheet. She ran back to the classroom and found the door already locked. Peeking through the narrow pane of glass, she gasped at the sight of Jake kissing one of the guidance counselors.
Tears stung Emma’s eyes as she slid the attendance sheet under the door and ran back to the stairway. Alex thought his dad was a cross between Eli Manning and the Pope. He should only know what kind of player his old man really was.
~*~
Jake gently extricated himself from Pam Garner’s passionate liplock, unmoved by her heated kiss. The blonde guidance counselor smiled up at him and slid her hands under his knit polo and up his chest. “I was wondering if you’d like to head over to my place this afternoon for a quickie.”
Pam had been through a messy divorce and had no more interest in getting involved in a serious relationship than Jake did. They’d become good friends, and since neither of them felt comfortable sleeping around, they’d agreed to have monogamous, down-and-dirty sex until one of them became romantically involved with someone else.
They hadn’t gotten together for a heavy breathing session in over a month, which possibly explained why he’d had trouble keeping his hands off Maggie. He was simply horny.
Right. That’s why he had about as much interest in getting sweaty between the sheets with Pam as he did in grading the stack of term papers for his Human Development class. He might as well face it. As much as he hated what Maggie had done, his body still wanted to pick up with her right where he’d left off nineteen years ago—in bed.
“Sorry.” Jake closed his leather messenger bag. “I have to get home.”
“We could tape some paper over the window in the door and get it on here. I locked it on the way in.”
“I can’t. But I’m glad you stopped by. I was planning to call you tonight about one of my students, Brian Carlton.”
“What’s wrong?”
“The kid seems depressed. He’s a typical overachiever whose parents have been pushing too hard. I realize the term is nearly over, but I’m worried about the kid’s mental state. I think the school needs to do an intervention.”
“Okay, I’ll call his parents.” She fished out a notepad from her purse and scribbled on it. “You know, you keep me busier than any other teacher in this school.”
Jake grinned and shrugged one shoulder. “Can I help it if the kids talk to me?”
“They’re lucky to have you.” She tucked the pad back in her purse. “Since you’re busy today, how about tomorrow?”
He sucked in a deep breath and released it slowly. “Listen, Pam, I lied. I’m really not in a hurry to get home. My life’s just a mess right now. Do you mind giving me some of your professional time?”
She sank into one of the desks’ seats. “Sure.”
He dragged his chair closer and told her everything that had led up to the hazy June afternoon nineteen years ago when Maggie had unexpectedly shown up at his house.
“I knew it was a safe bet she wasn’t there to sell me a subscription.”
“Not unless she was peddling Parents magazine,” Pam guessed.
“Exactly. Maggie had an irregular cycle, so she didn’t think much about not getting her period until five weeks later when she started feeling sick. By then the college term had ended, and I’d gone home. Unfortunately, my dad was forced to get an unlisted number after I started making headlines, so Maggie kept getting a recording on the one I’d given her.”
“So how’d she track you down?”
“Her cousin knew the town I came from, so Maggie lied to her mother about staying at a girlfriend’s house for the weekend. Barbara gave her the money to fly here, and Maggie simply asked around until she found someone who knew where I lived.”
“Resourceful little thing.”
“She was smart. It was part of the reason I never guessed how young she was.”
“Exactly how young was she?”
“A couple of months shy of eighteen, which, in California, is jailbait. Anyway, I knew her news would put me on the front page again. Except, this time, I was afraid my face would be in the National Enquirer with the word pervert stamped across it.”
Chuckling, Pam pulled a roll of mints out of her purse and offered it to him.
He took one and popped it in his mouth. Unlike the broken windows, speeding tickets, and other blunders he’d made in his twenty-three years, he wasn’t the only one stuck paying the price that time.
“To make matters worse, Roxanne was due home in a few days.”
“No stress there.”
“You think?” He smiled. “If that was God’s idea of a joke, the Almighty had a warped sense of humor—not to mention, he needed a lot of work on his timing.”
“But you were planning to call off the wedding anyway, weren’t you?”
“Not really. When I’d gotten home from school, I’d told my dad about the stupid thing I’d done. He’d asked me to spend a few days with Roxanne before canceling the wedding to give myself a chance to remember why I’d asked her to marry me.”
“Not an unreasonable request,” Pam said, dropping the mints back in her purse.
Of course, his dad had graciously refrained from mentioning that, if Jake broke his engagement, Nick would probably have to head straight for the unemployment office. Jake had figured, if nothing else, Roxanne could hate him instead of feeling hurt because he’d rejected her. And perhaps with a baby involved, old man Warrington would realize Jake had no choice but to call off the wedding and might let his dad keep his job.
“Considering I was about to dump the Warrington heiress, I knew the media would have a feeding frenzy when it came out I’d gotten a high school girl pregnant. I didn’t want Maggie dragged through the mud with me. The only way I could see to mitigate the damage was to marry her.”
Pam nodded. “I’m sure that was a relief to her.”
“You’d think so, wouldn’t you? But she insisted she didn’t want to marry me if I didn’t love her. I was astounded she might believe she could be in love with me.” Although, he hadn’t been able to stop mentally replaying their night together. “She didn’t know me well enough to have any deep feelings for me.”
Jake stared at the floor and smiled as her naive response replayed in his head. “I know you’re kind and honorable,” she’d whispered. “And you’re funny and tender.” She’d laid his hand over her breast. “I also know my heart beats so fast when you look at me it feels like it’s gonna jump right out of my chest.”
“I told her what she was feeling was lust not love.”
“But she didn’t want you to marry her simply because you felt obligated,” Pam surmised.
“Right. I told her she was attributing noble intentions to me that were actually completely selfish. I wasn’t asking her to marry me. I was begging her—at least until after our baby was born. I explained I wanted to work with kids one day, and if she didn’t become my wife, my public image would take such a beating it would never recover.”
“You had that straight.” 
“And I couldn’t bear the thought of not being there to watch my child grow up. I wasn’t just concerned about me.” Jake sighed. “I was worried about Maggie’s reputation, too. I didn’t want the whole world pointing at her and saying, ‘There goes the girl that football player knocked up.’”
“And they would’ve. Sex sells. The tabloids stay in business because people buy them.”
“Tell me about it,” Jake muttered, remembering how scared and powerless he’d felt.
If only someone could’ve thrown a penalty flag for stupidity that night and let him replay it.
~*~
Margie let Jake accompany her to the florist that evening while Alex and Emma studied for their exams. In truth, she would’ve preferred he stay home, except it was his yard they were decorating. Between the ten centerpieces and a half dozen huge floral arrangements in pinks, purples, and white to fill out the flora in his garden, they ordered enough to host their own flower show—especially if they included the boutonnieres and the bouquets.
She chose white roses and stephanotis for Emma’s bouquet and pink roses and baby’s breath for her own.
Jake looked ready to choke when he heard how much the tiny, white star-shaped flowers cost. “Can’t you just get roses with white carnations instead?”
“No. Stephanotis is a symbol for happiness in marriage. I’m paying for this, so why should you care?”
“I don’t. But you gave me a hard time over ordering a little gourmet chow. At least, we’ll get to eat the food.”
“Tell you what.” She shot a smug smile at him. “After the reception, you can snack on any part of my bouquet you’d like.”
After returning to Margie’s condo, they sat around the dining room table with the kids and compiled a guest list. Emma’s face became a rigid mask when she read the proposed names Alex had written down.
“I don’t want Phil or Brandy at our wedding.” She slashed her pen across their names.
“Em, they’ve been hanging out with the same crowd I’ve been part of all through high school. They’ll make a stink if I invite everyone else and not them.”
“I thought Phil bugged you, and you keep insisting you hate the way Brandy keeps coming on to you. Now I wonder if you really do.”
It seemed her daughter had inherited some of her father’s insecurity. It didn’t bode well for the kids’ marriage—particularly considering Alex’s good looks and talent.
The older Jake’s son got, the more interest he would attract from women. And that attention would undoubtedly triple when Alex inherited Warrington Enterprises. Money and success were a powerful aphrodisiac.
“Damn it, Emmy.” Alex slapped the table. “I’ve told you a dozen times, I’m not interested in her.”
“Maybe so, but your eyes are sure interested in her big boobs. I’ve caught you looking at her when my back’s turned.”
Jake reached over and squeezed Emma’s hand. “Do you remember what we talked about in class the other day?”
“Yeah. So?” She yanked her hand away and glared at him, obviously resenting his interference.
“A guy’s sexual radar runs all the time. Asking Alex not to notice an attractive woman is like him asking you not to breathe. He can’t help doing it.”
“My dad never looked at anyone but my mom.”
Jake smirked at Margie as he told Emma, “Your father was past his sexual prime before you were even born.”
Margie’s mouth dropped open. “Are you implying Dan was over the hill?”
“Implying? Hell, no. I’m saying it straight out.” Jake turned back to her daughter. “Alex has more testosterone pumping in him right now than he’ll ever have again. If you don’t trust him, we might as well not bother sending these invitations. Believe me, I know what I’m talking about. His mother’s jealousy is the main reason she and I ended up divorced.”
“Maybe his mom had good reason to feel that way.” Emma wrinkled her nose as if she’d smelled something putrid. “I saw you making out with Ms. Garner after school. If you’re seeing her, why’d you kiss my mother?”
Margie glowered at him while Alex did a double take and sputtered. “You and the guidance counselor?”
Jake’s eyes closed. “It’s not what it seemed like.”
“It never is,” Margie muttered. Apparently her daughter’s opinion of him had dropped to a new low.
Emma nibbled on her lip and moved from her chair into Alex’s lap. “It’s not you I don’t trust. It’s Phil and Brandy.”
Margie didn’t blame her. She’d lost count of the number of times that year Emma had complained about the two teens giving her a hard time.
“I’m not crazy about them, either.” Alex pressed his face in the crook of Emma’s neck. “But they’re still part of my group of friends.”
Margie cleared her throat. “I can see both your points of view. But, Alex, your whole social circle is going to change after you get to Penn State. I think you should only invite guests you think you’ll remain friends with. In other words, the people you genuinely like and respect.”
Jake glanced at Emma and snorted under his breath. “Guess that leaves me out.”
He could say that again. At the rate he was moving up Emma’s top-ten list of despicable people, by the time the wedding rolled around, she’d be declaring him the Anti-Christ.
~*~
Tuesday evening, Jake insisted on helping Margie write and address the invitations at her condo while Alex took Emma to the doctor. She glanced over at Jake slapping postage stamps on the envelopes. “Simon said you called him last night about his training and tutoring. Thank you.”
“So what’d he decide?” Jake asked.
“He’s agreed to meet with me Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays this summer. If you could spend some time with him on Tuesdays and Thursdays, we may get him reading well enough for him to keep up in school next year with extra help.”
Jake’s eyebrows lifted. “So this means I have a quarterback in September?”
“As long as he can remain eligible. I’ll continue tutoring him as much as I can outside of school next year.”
“That sounds great. So what do we still have left to do for this wedding?” he asked.
“Not much. You’ve taken care of booking a DJ, and I’ve hired the photographer. I’m taking Emma for a dress tomorrow afternoon.”
His forehead wrinkled. “Doesn’t it take a couple of months to order a wedding gown?”
“I talked to Abby Foster on my way home this after—“
“Doc Foster’s wife?”
Margie nodded as she licked an envelope. “She owns the boutique in town, Abby’s Closet. She designs her own line of dresses and does custom tailoring and alterations. I was hoping maybe she could work a miracle for us. Anyway, she told me she has about a dozen used wedding gowns she’s selling on consignment. She suggested altering one to fit Emma. She said she has several mother of the bride dresses she thinks would suit me, too.”
“That sounds good.”
“Oh, and you and Alex still have to be fitted for tuxes.”
“And then we’re finished?”
“Yup.” She smiled. “Aren’t you thrilled? We won’t have to see each other again for ten whole days.”
“Aren’t you forgetting about graduation a week from tomorrow? And why would you think that would make me happy?”
It had been a stupid assumption on her part. Jake obviously enjoyed the hours they were forced to spend together and took great delight in torturing her with innuendo and references to their sordid past. Every hour in his company refreshed the pain she’d suffered years ago. Little by little, he reopened the wound she’d thought Dan had healed.
“I don’t know. Maybe it was a simple case of projection—placing my feelings of ecstasy onto you.” She stuffed an invitation into an envelope. “As a psychologist, you, of all people, should understand.”
“About projecting your feelings on someone else? Yes.” He sneered. “I think I have a vague concept of that.”
“I was referring to my denial—subconsciously forgetting things I don’t want to remember.”
“Well, I’d still like to take you and Emma out to celebrate both of your birthdays.”
“Forget it.” It would be the last birthday she’d have Emma to herself.
The front door banged open, and Alex stormed in. “I’m sorry, I just don’t like him!”
Emma planted her feet in the doorway and crossed her arms over her chest. “Why? Would you just tell me that? You haven’t given me one good reason.”
Jake jumped up from the dining table and hurried into the living room. “What’s wrong? Is everything okay with the baby?”
Alex slumped in the armchair. “Everything is just swell.”
A baffled expression wrinkled Emma’s brow as she slammed the door. “For some reason, which your son refuses to tell me, he doesn’t like Dr. Brennan. I thought he was great. Alex wants me to find someone else to deliver the baby.”
Margie squeezed Alex’s shoulder. “I agree you should have some say over which doctor Em uses, but you have to give her a reason if you reject someone she likes.”
Alex turned his face away. “The guy’s way too young. There’s no way he can know what he’s doing.”
Jake’s eyes rolled. “My eighteen-year-old thinks thirty-five is young. Paul Brennan has an excellent reputation.”
“Well, I don’t like him.” Alex scowled.
“Yeah, and I can guess why.” Jake chuckled. “It’s not because he’s too young. Tell Emma what your real problem is.”
Alex glared at his father.
Jake glanced at Maggie. “The guy looks like a young Bruce Willis.”
Emma knelt by Alex’s chair. “Is that really it?”
“Yes. I don’t like the way he smiles at you. And I don’t want him touching you or looking at you down there. You won’t even let me see—” Alex clamped his mouth shut.
Margie raked her teeth over her lower lip. He sounded just like Dan. Her husband had begged her to use a female doctor.
Emma stood and jammed her fists into her hips. “Tough. I refuse to let you dictate to me the way my dad always did to my mom. Unless you have an objection to Dr. Brennan’s ability to care for our baby and me, you can just suck it up. As your dad said last night, if you can’t trust me, then we have no business getting married.”
Margie stared at her daughter. She’d never seen her assert herself that way before. “Em, your dad didn’t dictate to me.”
Her daughter clapped her hand over her mouth, smothering her cynical laugh. “Right. That’s why it took you until you were thirty-six and he was dead before you got LASIK surgery, had your ears pierced, or highlighted your hair. I saw how nuts it made Daddy if you even smiled at the mailman.”
Jake applauded loudly. “I’m glad to see you stand up for yourself, Emma. Although, I have to say, that’s the first disparaging remark I’ve ever heard you make about your dad.”
It was the first time Margie had ever heard Emma speak about Dan that way, too. Maybe her daughter was finally coming to terms with his death.
Emma lifted her chin a fraction and scowled. “I was not putting my father down.”
In only a matter of days, Jake had evidently gone from being a man who could walk on water in Emma’s eyes, to someone less impressive than Peewee Herman.
She spun toward Margie. “Everybody feels jealous sometimes, Mom. You shouldn’t have been such a wuss, letting Daddy stop you from making yourself look nice. You spent so much time reassuring him—it was only natural he worried about what you did while he was away for days on end.”
Emma waved toward Alex. “It’s like when he keeps insisting he’s not interested in Brandy Harris. After the fifth time, it starts sounding like he’s trying to convince himself—or he’s got a guilty conscience.”
A troubled look flitted across Alex’s face while he stared at the carpet in stony silence. Maybe the kid really was struggling with an attraction to the cheerleader.
Jake cocked an eyebrow at Margie. “I think what your daughter is trying to say is what Shakespeare put so eloquently—The lady doth protest too much.”
“Right.” Emma nodded.
Okay. So Margie might have been guilty of overcompensating and catering to Dan’s paranoia. But even if she had occasionally allowed her husband to dominate her, she didn’t appreciate her daughter treating her to this eye-opener in front of Jake and his son.
Although, the saddest part wasn’t realizing her pandering to Dan’s ego might have contributed to his insecurity, or that he might have had more faith in her love if she’d been more assertive. The true tragedy was she’d lost something else very precious in the process—her daughter’s respect.
 

 
Chapter 11

Jake scribbled his signature on the sign-out sheet in the high school’s main office on Friday afternoon only minutes after his last class ended. The secretary stopped him as he pulled open the door. “The superintendent asked for you to stop by before you leave.”
“Sure. Would you let Mr. Petrillo know I’m on my way?”
Jake jogged to the adjacent building, furrowing his brow. Maybe the board had finally approved his contract. When he reached the balding superintendent’s office, Anthony Petrillo waved toward the chair next to his desk and leaned back, resting his forearms on his middle-aged paunch. “Sit down, Jake.
“What’s up, Tony?” Jake folded himself into the armchair.
“I assume you heard Vice Principal Denton suffered a heart attack two nights ago?”
“Yes. But I understood it was a fairly minor one.”
“It was. Unfortunately, he won’t be able to participate in the graduation exercises. The seniors petitioned us to ask you to take his place and say a few words.”
Jake’s chest swelled with pride. The kids had chosen him out of well over a hundred teachers. “I’d be honored. Truthfully, I was hoping you had some word about my contract. I heard the board held an executive session last night. Do I have a job next year, or not?”
The bushy mustache over Tony’s tight lips twitched. “That’s the other thing I wanted to talk to you about. Someone mentioned your son is getting married right after graduation.”
“Right. A week from tomorrow. You should be getting an invitation any day.”
“Thanks. My wife and I’d love to come. The reason I asked is the scuttlebutt is your son’s fiancée, Emma, is pregnant.”
Jake narrowed his gaze. “So?”
“Some concern was voiced as to the backlash we may get when the parents hear you’ve failed to get your own son to practice abstinence or even safe sex. They may wonder how well you’re getting the subject across to their children.”
“I assume Howie was the instigator.”
The superintendent nodded. “Dr. Carmichael convinced his buddies to wait on offering you a permanent contract until after a hearing. They’re holding another executive session right before the July board meeting. They’d like you to be there.”
Since the board only met once during July, it would be at least a month before Jake would know for sure if he had a job in September.
“First off,” Jake said holding up one finger, “no parent has ever been prouder of his kid than I am—even if Alex has thumbed his nose at some of my guidance. And secondly—not that it’s the board’s business—my son assures me he used protection.”
Jake crossed his arms over his chest. “What the board should be wondering is how many of their kids would’ve sneaked off for an abortion as an easy fix instead of talking to their parents or considering another option. Anyway, my son’s private life has nothing to do with my performance as a teacher.”
“I completely agree with you.” Tony shrugged. “However, Howard managed to persuade the board that you’re not really promoting abstinence and they should reconsider their choice of teacher. It’s common knowledge you have some very candid discussions in your classes and the students are allowed to say pretty much anything they want.”
He wouldn’t deny it. He believed the more teens knew, the better equipped they’d be to make responsible choices. “The classes I teach are elective courses. Any parents who don’t approve of their kids discussing their sexuality can exclude it from their schedule.” Jake stood, preparing to leave. “You can tell anyone who’s interested that, if they plan to censor my classes or try to gag the kids attending them, I’ll resign first.”
Tony heaved a sigh. “That’s what I was afraid you’d say. You know I was the one who pushed for hiring you. The number of boys enrolled in the Marriage and Family and Human Development classes has more than doubled from when we had a woman teacher.”
“Then that’s a great argument for keeping me, isn’t it?”
“But you also need to remember the importance this district places on family values and social responsibility. Our curriculum attests to it.”
It was true. A lot of high schools’ F&CS departments only offered traditional home economics courses in cooking, sewing, and childcare.
Tony raked his fingers through his thinning hair. “Look, I don’t want to lose you, Jake. You’re too big an asset both as a teacher and a coach. In six months, this whole thing with Alex will have blown over. For the time being, can’t you just give the board a little lip service?”
Jake leaned on Tony’s desk and stared at the superintendent. “As I said before, my son’s situation has nothing to do with me as a teacher. You tell the board to hold their hearing. I’ll answer any questions they have, but I refuse to sell out on covering topics that I believe are in the kids’ best interest or to apologize for my son’s behavior.”
~*~
The loneliness and heartache from losing Dan gripped Margie more acutely than ever as she sat alone at graduation on Wednesday evening. Throughout the salutary and valedictory speeches, she felt Jake watching her from the platform. For him to find her in the sea of parents would be just short of miraculous. Nonetheless, every time she looked at him, he seemed to be staring directly at her, silently reminding her of the way she’d melted in his arms on Saturday night. He’d shown up unexpectedly at her door with a birthday cake and two generous gift certificates to Sherry’s Snip ‘n Style, Redemption’s beauty salon and gossip central, for her and Emma to get the works for the wedding. Before leaving that evening, he’d kissed Margie, again.
Okay, in truth, it’d been a little more than just a kiss. The memory of him teasing her breasts made her squirm in her seat.
She’d been shocked when her daughter told her the student body had requested that Jake fill in for the vice principal at the commencement exercises. His participation testified to how close he was to his pupils and how highly they regarded him.
During a brief speech, he commended the parents for not relying on the school to do their job and instilling values in their kids that helped them grow into responsible young adults. He congratulated the graduates and challenged them to strive to reach their goals in the future but never, ever to sacrifice their principles or happiness to achieve them.
“Remember,” he told them in closing, “the true measure of success in your life will be the amount of respect you have for the person in the mirror.”
While he read the name of each graduate from a list on the podium, the superintendent and principal presented the students with their diplomas and shook their hands. After the ceremony, she waited for Emma at the back of the auditorium, and a muscular arm slid around Margie’s shoulders.
“I’m sorry I didn’t think about you sitting by yourself tonight,” Jake said. “I should’ve saved you a seat with my dad and Helen.”
In truth, she was just as happy he hadn’t. “What you said tonight was wonderful. I loved your praise of the parents.”
“Well, I thought it behooved me to do a little damage control. When Petrillo asked me to fill in tonight, he mentioned some concern from the board about my competency as a teacher.”
“He’s giving you flak over Alex and Emma?”
“No, he was just the messenger boy.” Jake told her what had transpired in his meeting.
“What’s Howard Carmichael’s problem with you?”
“Our illustrious board president is pissed because his son didn’t get the game time he needed to win a scholarship at a division 1-A school.”
She couldn’t imagine Jake playing favorites—even with his own son. “Was the boy good enough to get one?”
“In all honesty,”—Jake shrugged—“probably. If Phil had played for a different high school where he didn’t have Alex as his competition, I have no doubt Phil would’ve been the first-string quarterback.”
“So then Howard Carmichael has a reason to resent you.”
“Maggie, I had no choice. I would’ve loved to play his kid more often and spared my son the risk of being injured. I had nothing to gain by keeping Phil out of the game. Alex already had every university in the country recruiting him.”
“Then why not just put him—”
“Because we had a marginal team and won every game by only a couple of points—due solely to Alex’s ability to compensate. If I’d given Phil more game time, instead, the school never would’ve won the state championship.”
She stepped aside to allow a group of graduates to squeeze past them. “Is winning really so all fire important?”
“It is to the other players and their parents. If we hadn’t taken the championship, a lot fewer of my guys would have gotten full rides. And it wasn’t as if Phil didn’t get any offers—they just weren’t at schools where the NFL recruits.”
“Then your conscience is clear,” she said more as a statement than a question.
“Absolutely. Carmichael refuses to accept I wasn’t hired to coach an intramural team. My first responsibility is to make sure we win. Consideration for any individual player has to come second to what’s best for the team as a whole.”
“Something like, ‘The good of the many outweighs the good of the few,’ huh, Mr. Spock?” She raised her right hand split in a V, imitating the Vulcan greeting.
“That about sums it up.” He leaned his shoulder against the wall, brushing his knuckles over her cheek. “I never would’ve taken you for a Trekkie.”
“I’m not. Dan was a huge Star Trek fan.”
Jake nodded and continued, “Anyway, there’s a good chance I’ll be out of a job in September. I may not be father of the year, but I refuse to let the school hold me accountable as a teacher for my son’s lack of judgment.”
“So what’ll you do if you’re not offered a contract?”
“Finish my dissertation and then hang out a shingle as a therapist. I’d planned to teach a few more years until I build up a practice part-time in the evenings. However, if that’s not possible,”—he shrugged—“I have plenty invested, so money’s not the issue. The thing is I really like working with the kids. I’m not about to let that pompous ass force me to give up something I love doing before I’m good and ready to.”
He exerted a gentle pressure on her back, guiding her toward the exit. “Helen baked a fudge cake. Join us back at the house for coffee before the kids go out with their friends.”
Margie wasn’t prepared to be thrust into the middle of his family quite yet. Not to mention the last thing she needed to eat was cake again with the wedding in only three days. Stepping away, she sighed. “Thanks for the invitation. I’d love to meet your stepmother and see your dad again, but I think I’ll pass. Friday will be soon enough for me to face that scene.”
“I hope you’re not saying no because I kissed you again on Saturday.”
She blew out a blasé puff. “I forgot all about that the moment you left.”
It was the carnal way he’d touched her that had kept her from sleeping all week.
“You did, huh?” One corner of his mouth curled in a crooked smile. “Then why are there shadows under your eyes a raccoon would envy?”
“I’ve been up late, preparing the final grade reports.” She glanced up at the ceiling, expecting a bolt of lightning to strike her at any moment.
“Uh-huh.” He smirked as if he found her explanation about as plausible as aliens pitching a tent on the high school’s lawn. “You need to be fresh for the wedding on Saturday.”
“I’m touched by your concern.” She patted his cheek. “I’ll go to bed as soon as I get home.”
“Good. Unlike you, Rosebud, I haven’t been able to put you out of my mind.” He grabbed her wrist and gently pressed his lips to her palm. “If you have trouble falling asleep, call me. I’ll come tell you a bedtime story.”
She flashed a forced smile at him and yanked her hand back. “I’ll take a sleeping pill.”
~*~
Friday evening, Margie smoothed the skirt on the pink silk sheath she’d bought that week and drew in a deep breath as she rang Jake’s bell. She was about as eager to have dinner with Alex’s grandparents and Roxanne as a cat would be to have a bubble bath.
She’d fought with herself for over an hour about wearing the seductive dress until she’d finally decided she needed all the help she could get to boost her confidence. It wasn’t as if the summery sheath was particularly revealing. It simply flattered her figure and hugged her body in all the right places. Aside from actually fitting and being her best color, the lightweight silk draped in cascading folds on the scooped neckline making her average bust appear a full size larger and giving the dress a delightfully feminine air.
Jake swung the door open, looking incredible in a pale blue and silver print shirt and charcoal trousers topped with a dove gray, summer-weight sports jacket.
He planted a kiss on her cheek. “Wow, you look stunning. Thanks.”
The prospect of making Jake eat his heart out had been too tempting. She wanted him to kick himself for ever letting her go. “I didn’t get dressed up for you.”
“Thank you anyway. I’d like you to make a good impression.”
“Why would you care what your family thinks of me?”
He pursed his lips and shrugged one shoulder. “I don’t know. Maybe I’d like Roxanne to see the kind of temptation I was faced with back in college.”
“You mean you told her you slept with me and got me pregnant?”
“About two years after we were married.”
Wonderful. “And you think it’ll comfort her to know you didn’t cheat on her with some horse-faced bimbo?”
He closed the door. “As a matter of fact, yes. She might feel a little less inadequate if she understood I didn’t jump into bed with just anyone. And as I’ve told you before, I’d planned to call off the wedding, so I didn’t really cheat on her.”
“Rationalize all you want, Jake.” She strolled to the back of the house, puzzled by the silence. “Am I early?”
His mouth curved in a sheepish smile. “Uhh, actually, yes. I invited you an hour before everyone else. Despite that I make a mean batch of pancakes, there’s a reason I don’t teach the foods and nutrition class. I hoped I could con you into helping me cook dinner.”
“Why didn’t you just ask Roxanne to come early?”
“Right. I haven’t seen my ex-wife in two years. I can’t put her to work the minute she gets here. Not to mention, she’s not much better in the kitchen than I am.”
Apparently, he didn’t have any problem imposing on Margie. Her throat ached at the tenderness in Jake’s voice whenever he spoke of Roxanne.
“You still love her, don’t you?”
“Sure.” He paused a moment then added, “If for no other reason than she gave me a great kid.”
Was that another of his little innuendoes, reminding Margie of the child they didn’t have? She swallowed hard and opened his refrigerator. “What’re we making?”
“I loved that spinach dip you fixed with the veggies the first night Alex and I came for dinner. I bought everything you told me you put in it, and I stuck a prime rib roast in the oven. I figured I’d leave it up to you to fix the baby carrots, asparagus, and mashed potatoes.”
“Do you want an orange glaze on the carrots and hollandaise sauce for the asparagus?” she asked.
“Mmmm.” He licked his lips. “Do you know how to fix them?”
“Is the Jolly Green Giant green?”
“Then absolutely. I think there’re still a couple of aprons Helen used in that bottom drawer under the dishtowels.
She found a white frilly apron and put it on. When Alex and Emma arrived a moment later, Margie put them to work setting the dining room table for eight with the gold-rimmed Lenox and sparkling Waterford in the china cabinet.
“Would you like a glass?” Jake held up a bottle of merlot in front of Margie while she separated egg yolks for the Hollandaise sauce.
“My mother doesn’t drink,” Emma snapped as she strode through the kitchen.
“That’s not exactly true.” Margie turned to Jake and shrugged. “Dan and I didn’t indulge very often because he had to abstain a minimum of eight hours before a flight. The airline cutbacks reduced the number of pilots, so he was on-call a lot.” She pointed at the bottle. “I’ll have a small glass if you’re opening it.”
An hour later, she laid the vegetable platter and an assortment of cheeses and crackers on the cocktail table in the living room. When the bell chimed in the center hall, Jake sprinted to the foyer to answer the door.
He pulled the elegant redhead standing on the threshold into his arms and squeezed her willowy figure close while he kissed her on the lips. “Rox, you look great. Damn, I’ve missed you.”
His ex-wife wore a sophisticated ivory linen dress that complimented her flawless complexion and coppery hair. She caressed Jake’s jaw and wiped her eyes. “I’ve missed you too, Honey.”
He took her suitcase and set it next to the coat closet in the hall. “You’re still planning to stay here tonight, right?”
“If you don’t mind. Where’s my future daughter-in-law? I can’t wait to meet her.”
Envy gnawed at Margie’s insides as she watched their exchange of affection from the living room. They didn’t behave like any divorced couple she’d ever known. Maybe Jake hadn’t insisted Alex make peace with his mother simply because he was worried about his son’s relationship with her. Perhaps Jake really hoped to reconcile with his ex.
Emma wandered out to the foyer, leaving Alex hanging back in the living room with Margie. Jake pulled her daughter forward. “Rox, this is Emma. Em—Alex’s mother. You can either call her Roxanne or Mom.”
She smiled and hugged the much taller woman. “I’m glad to meet you.”
Roxanne tipped Emma’s face up. “Jake didn’t exaggerate when he told me how sweet you are.” She held her at an arm’s length and studied the cornflower blue sundress Emma had worn. “And you’re just as pretty.” Roxanne glanced up as Alex stepped out of the living room. Tears rolled down her cheeks. “I can’t believe how fast you grew up.”
His shoulders shuddered as he choked out a brusque, “Hi.”
Roxanne stepped closer and gently touched his face. “You look so much like your dad when he was your age.”
A terse nod seemed to be all Alex could handle. He brushed her hand from his cheek as if it were a pesky fly and led the way into the living room. “This is Emma’s mom, Margie Bradford.” Alex waved toward her, obviously stumped on how to address her to avoid confusion between her and his mother. Eventually he shrugged. “Mom, meet Roxanne, my uhh—mother.”
Roxanne smiled and clasped Margie’s extended hand, gazing at her with an assessing expression. “It’s nice to finally meet you, Maggie.”
Margie’s stomach twisted in a dozen knots as she glanced at the kids. Had they noticed Roxanne’s emphasis on the word finally and the fact she’d called her Maggie?
The doorbell broke the tension, and Jake let his ex-father-in-law in. He’d told Margie his son had continued seeing Roxanne’s dad, but Alex’s estrangement from his mother had strained his relationship with his maternal grandfather.
Alex made the introductions, and after Margie shook Alexander Warrington’s hand, the man pulled his grandson aside and fished an envelope from the interior pocket of his suit jacket.
“Take a walk with me, Alex. I have something for you.” The silver-haired man put his arm around his grandson’s shoulders and guided him down the hallway.
Jake and she had agreed to encourage the kids to do as much for themselves financially as possible. Was he going to allow his father-in-law to give Alex the easy way out?
When Nick and Helen arrived moments later, Margie sidled up to Jake and muttered under her breath, “Is your dad aware that I’m Emma’s mother?”
“Yes. Don’t worry. I asked everyone not to say anything in front of the kids.”
Helen reminded Margie of Betty White from The Golden Girls. There was little wonder that Alex had thrived in the good-natured woman’s care. She was exactly how Margie imagined a nurturing grandmother should be.
Jake’s dad hadn’t changed much except his hair was now completely silver, and a few more wrinkles lined his distinguished face.
They all smiled through the farce of Jake’s introduction. Nick squeezed Margie’s hand and winked at her. “From what my son’s told us about you, I feel like I already know you.”
Jake jerked his head toward the kitchen. “Maggie, why don’t we let the kids serve everyone drinks? I could use your help.”
Gladly. Anything to escape the bubbling cauldron of tension in the living room.
~*~
Roxanne sipped the club soda Emma brought her and watched her son dote on his shy fiancée. He was so much like Jake. It took all of five minutes to see that Emma’s adoring devotion filled Alex’s need to protect her.
If Maggie had been anything like her daughter nineteen years ago, Roxanne understood exactly why Jake had fallen so hard for her. He’d always had a soft spot for ingenuous waifs—a role Roxanne had never been able to pull off.
For years, she’d tried to play the part for him, acting as a foil to his nurturing, alpha personality. Unfortunately, her need to call the shots herself was way too strong to ever be compatible with a man as dynamic as her ex-husband.
She kept one ear tuned to him supervising dinner in the kitchen while Maggie quietly made suggestions and put the finishing touches on the meal—all the while allowing him to think he was managing things.
Roxanne couldn’t help but admire the other woman’s ability to institute her own ideas while still pandering to Jake’s all-male ego. Unlike Maggie, Roxanne had never mastered the art of claiming her independence without coming across as a shrew or a spoiled brat. It still amazed her that Chris seemed to love her exactly the way she was.
She’d asked him to come with her that night, but he’d prudently rejected her invitation, insisting her reconciliation with her son was hardly the time to let Alex in on the fact his mother was having an affair with his father’s best friend.
Not that Alex’s abrupt, monosyllabic responses to her questions were much better than a ceasefire.
Despite how much gratitude Roxanne owed Helen for helping to raise her little boy to be such a nice young man, she couldn’t help feeling jealous. She ached to have him treat her with the same love and affection he showed Helen—or even his future mother-in-law, for that matter.
When Maggie announced dinner was ready, Jake seated her in the hostess’s position at the foot of the table near the kitchen. He took Roxanne’s hand and pulled out the chair for her on his right. “Sit next to me so we can catch up.”
Alex seated Emma next to her mom and took the chair between his fiancée and Roxanne, opposite his three grandparents.
Once everyone was settled, Roxanne’s father rose and held up his wineglass. “I’d like to propose a toast. To my grandson and Emma. May you have a lifetime of happiness together.”
Standing, Alex dug an envelope from his back pocket and ripped it several times before tossing the shredded pieces on the table. “We fully intend to, Gramps.”
Alexander’s mouth tightened. “Don’t be a damned fool.”
“I will not ask Emma to sign that!” Alex snapped, pointing at the torn envelope.
Roxanne rolled her eyes, unable to believe the bastard’s audacity.
The old fool scowled at her. “Would you please talk to your son and make him understand how much he’ll be worth someday and what he’s risk—”
“I know exactly how much is at stake,” Alex cut him off. “Your secretary has been forwarding Warrington’s quarterly financial reports to me since I was twelve. I’m probably the only high school senior who understands the concept of leverage ratio. Emma will be entitled to half of all I have in life. If you don’t like that, find yourself another heir.”
“You just don’t get it, do you, Dad?” Roxanne smiled at Jake. “Alex feels the same way I did when I got married. Unlike me, however, my son has the strength of character to stand up to you and refuse to ask his fiancée to sign a prenup.”
Alexander stared into his grandson’s unflinching gaze for a moment, then turned to Roxanne as he picked up the contract’s torn pieces and stuffed them in his pocket. “And that’s precisely why I’ll be naming Alex as my successor when I retire.”
As if she’d ever expected anything else. She had no doubt her father loved her and her sister Jessica. All her life he’d given them whatever they’d asked for—everything except his approval. All because they’d had the unmitigated nerve to be born minus a penis by which to measure their worth. In fact, the only thing she’d ever done right in her father’s eyes was to give birth to a male heir to inherit his corporate empire.
“And exactly when will you be retiring, Alexander?” Nick asked and served himself some salad Margie had passed to him. “If I recall correctly, you’re already sixty-seven.”
“Not until I decide our grandson is ready to assume control of Warrington. The company needs someone with a set of balls at its helm.”
Roxanne’s heart swelled as her son squeezed her hand under the table.
“I think Alex might have something to say about that.” Jake interjected and winked at her. “Especially if the NFL drafts him.”
“Over my dead body!” Alexander thundered.
“Don’t worry, Gramps. If it comes to that, we’ll have a taxidermist stuff you.” Alex smirked. “Then you can preside over the board for eternity and let my mother do the job she’s better qualified for than I’ll ever be. Have you looked at her division’s fiscal report, lately?”
Roxanne pursed her lips in a suppressed smile. Okay, so she might still have to earn her son’s love and forgiveness, but at least she had his respect for her business acumen. For now, that was enough.
~*~
Margie had never spent such a strained evening in her life. Throughout the meal, she chatted with Helen and Emma about the wedding and listened with half an ear to Alex debate the wisdom of a recent Warrington acquisition with his two grandfathers and mother at the other end of the table. The depth of the kid’s understanding of the business world amazed Margie.
She glanced up from her plate several times to discover Roxanne openly studying her. Jake’s beautiful, sophisticated ex-wife probably wondered what he’d ever seen in a little nobody like Margie.
The loving looks passing between Jake and Roxanne twisted Margie’s insides. By the time she served the creamy cheesecake Jake had ordered from Sally’s Sweet & Savories, Redemption’s bakery and deli, her nerves were tighter than a rubber band stretched to its limit. If the evening didn’t end soon, she would snap. She had no idea how to get through the next twenty-four hours with her sanity intact.
As soon as everyone finished their coffee, Margie jumped up as if a stick of dynamite had exploded under her seat. “I’m sorry to leave the dessert dishes to clear, but I’ve had a long day, and tomorrow will be even longer.”
“It’s okay.” Jake smiled. “You’ve already done too much. Dinner was great. Thanks.”
She said her good-byes to everyone and reminded Alex to make sure Emma got home at a reasonable hour. Jake escorted her to the front door and stepped out on the porch with her.
“Goodnight,” she whispered.
He grabbed her hand and pulled her back. “Thanks again for all your help tonight.” He speared his fingers into Margie’s hair and claimed her lips in a tender kiss, holding her mouth prisoner under his.
Every fiber of her screamed at her to pull away, but the seductive teasing of his tongue paralyzed her. He slid his arms around her and held her snug against his hard unyielding body. Shivers rippled through her as he nibbled a path down her neck to the hollow at the base of her throat and murmured, “Rosebud, do you ever wonder?”
“About what?” she rasped, shoving herself away from him.
“What our lives would’ve been like if we’d—”
“No,” she lied.
The first few years after she’d married Dan, she’d fantasized constantly about the different path her life would’ve taken if Jake had still wanted her. She wasn’t about to start torturing herself like that again.
She turned and scurried to her car, calling back over her shoulder, “I don’t care to reminisce with you. Dwelling on the past will only breed remorse and bitterness.”
~*~
Maggie’s parting words continued to echo through Jake’s head even after he closed his eyes for the night. He’d never once regretted making love to her. That was her gig. He was too busy dealing with his resentment over the aftermath.
Even now, he couldn’t summon up a speck of remorse for himself—only for what he’d mistakenly done to her life. To regret those incredible hours in her arms would be like feeling sorry he’d taken a trip to the moon simply because he couldn’t make a second journey.
He’d fallen asleep that fateful night with every intention of simply holding Maggie. Except shortly before dawn, her fanny wiggling against his groin stirred the granddaddy of all hard-ons. In his semi-conscious state, it didn’t take much rationalization to decide to enjoy the gift his pals had generously given him. Especially after he plucked open her tiny pearl buttons and parted the front of her dress. She had the most perfect breasts he’d ever laid eyes on—just round enough to be sweetly feminine with nipples that literally begged to be kissed.
Her eager response strained his self-control to the limit. After feeling how excited she was, all it took was an encore of her innocent virgin performance to convince his Johnson he’d be doing her a favor to assuage her so-called squirmy feeling.
He hadn’t worn a condom in ages since Roxanne used a diaphragm, so he yanked open the night table drawer to raid Chris’s stash and found the carton empty.
Shit! He threw the box across the room. There was no way he was running through the halls with a woody, trying to scrounge up a condom at four in the morning. Instead, he searched through his billfold and blessedly found a worn packet squashed into the corner. It would have to do.
The look of wonder in Maggie’s eyes almost convinced him her desire really was out of control. When she came only seconds after he slid his fingers between her legs, he nearly lost it.
His heart hammered in his chest as her hand glided down his body and tentatively explored him. The look of utter fascination in her eyes nearly made him come. Her inexperience might all be an award-winning act, but it turned him on something fierce.
It was only after he nudged her legs further apart and then pushed himself inside her, he knew something was wrong. He froze on top of her. Granted, she was a fairly small girl, but she was still way too tight. He squeezed his eyes shut, suddenly feeling sick to his stomach.
Myriad emotions flooded through him. His body sang its pleasure, reveling in being surrounded by her tight innocence while his heart swelled with satisfaction, knowing her urgent desire had been genuine.
He felt honored she’d given herself to him. The knowledge he was her first lover squeezed his chest and sheer unadulterated rage built in him. He wouldn’t have even considered sleeping with Maggie if he’d known she’d never been with a guy. Fury engulfed him like a violent storm, swamping him with a deep sorrow that she could never regain her innocence.
He wanted to stop right then, but she begged him to finish making love to her. His ego swelled as her whimpers and moans aroused him further. Her sweet responsiveness sent him hurtling through space, spilling his hot seed in the longest, most mind-boggling orgasm that seemed to go on and on....and on.
He eventually collapsed and rolled to his back, bringing her with him to rest on his chest. Holding her close, he gently stroked her back, marveling at the intensity of the experience. Sex had never been this spectacular.
Something sticky dripped from between her legs onto his thigh.
He shoved her off and muttered a string of four letter words as he sat up and inspected the broken condom. What the hell had he expected?
Only a complete idiot would trust an expired rubber he’d been grinding his ass on for over a year.
 

 
Chapter 12
 
Margie’s and Emma’s trip to the Snip ‘n Style took up most of Saturday morning. Miz Sherry, the owner of the beauty salon, was Doc Foster’s sister who, although she had grown up in Pennsylvania, had lived most of her adult life in Texas. After her second husband died a few years ago, she’d moved to Redemption to be closer to family and opened her shop.  
After spending forty some-odd years in the Hill Country of the Lone Star State, the friendly, silver-haired woman was bound and determined to force Redemption’s female clientele to adopt the slower pace she’d grown accustomed to living in Texas. 
“So my sister-in-law, Abby, tells me you and your daughter are from Houston,” Miz Sherry drawled as she styled Margie’s hair into a feathery pageboy with the blow dryer.”
“Actually, I’m originally from San Francisco. We just lived in Texas for a few years right before moving here.”
“She says Emma’s dress is absolutely gorgeous.”
“It is. But I’m thinking all the seed pearls and crystal beading on the satin bodice might be a tad glitzy for an afternoon garden wedding.” Brand new, the gown had cost nearly two-thousand dollars, and they’d gotten it at a steal for only six hundred bucks. 
“Nonsense. A bride can never be too dressed up.”
“Sherry, these ladies have a wedding this afternoon.” Abby Foster tapped her watch as she strolled into the salon, which was right next door to her dress shop. She glanced at Emma having a pedicure on the opposite side of the salon and gasped. “Oh, my word. What on earth did you do to that sweet girl’s hair?”
Margie heaved a breath of relief. She’d tried several times to tell the garrulous stylist that Emma’s bone structure was too delicate for such a big hairstyle, but Ms. Sherry had been too busy flapping her gums to listen.
“She looks beautiful with all those ringlets,” Miz Sherry insisted.
 “I don’t deny that. But she also looks like a dark-haired Dolly Parton. Doesn’t she?” Abby looked to the other women in the salon to back her up.  
 “A little bit.” Margie smiled. She’d been thinking more along the lines of a streetwalker than a country western singer. 
“The girl is only eighteen, for crying out loud. As soon as you get done with Margie. You need to redo Emma’s hair, pronto.”
“Fine. There’s no need to get ugly about it.” Sherry smiled at Margie in the mirror. “I do love my sister-in-law, dearly, but sometimes Abby can be downright bossy, bless her heart.”
“Well someone needs to make sure Emma walks down the aisle looking like the sweet, young, innocent bride she is,” Abby countered.
Margie smiled askance at her. “Sweet and young, yes. Innocent might be stretching it a little.”
“She’s innocent. Don’t you worry about her and Alex.” Miz. Abby patted Margie’s arm. “I wasn’t any older than Emma when I got pregnant with my Tom and married Matt. Doc and I will be celebrating our forty-sixth anniversary next week.”
By the time Miz Sherry restyled Emma’s hair into a chignon with a riot of wispy tendrils framing her face and they arrived back at their condo, they had barely ninety minutes to get ready for the ceremony.
 As Margie helped her daughter into her strapless empire-waisted wedding gown, she studied Emma’s rounded abdomen. Her short torso made her pregnancy show a lot more at eighteen weeks than it would on a taller woman. The significance of her swollen tummy hit Margie like the blast of a cold shower.
Her baby would very soon be a mother.
“Any day now, you’ll need those maternity clothes Alex bought you.”
“I know.” Emma’s gaze lowered in the mirror as she tugged up the embellished satin bodice. “I haven’t been able to button my jeans for three weeks now.”
“Well, Mrs. Foster did a wonderful job altering the dress for you. I can hardly tell you’re pregnant under the chiffon skirt. You look absolutely beautiful, Sweetie.”
Miz Sherry had woven a few sprigs of baby’s breath into Emma’s hair, which made her look especially sweet. She looked back up at Margie, doubt flickering in her eyes. “Mommy, will Alex still want me when I look like Shamu and all the other girls are wearing bikinis?”
Margie wished she could tell Emma she was worrying needlessly, but considering Alex’s age, she had good reason for concern. He was the sort of guy every girl dreamed of catching—athletic, good-looking, smart, not to mention heir to a corporate empire. In the next four years, he would be spending his days in classes surrounded by nubile coeds more than eager to help him enjoy his sexual prime, as Jake had put it.
Hugging Emma close, Margie pressed her lips to her daughter’s forehead. “Of course, he will. I think most men are fascinated by the changes their wives’ bodies go through while they’re carrying their baby. Your daddy loved to lay his head on my belly and talk to you.”
Emma’s eyebrows drew together. “Why didn’t you have any more children after me?”
“We tried, Em.” Margie sucked in a long breath as her eyes misted over, remembering all their disappointments. “But with your dad flying all over the place, more often than not we weren’t in the same bed at the right time.”
After having Emma, they’d decided to wait until Margie finished college before having another child. By then, Dan had been close to forty and it had taken them two more years to finally conceive again.
“I had my first miscarriage when you were seven and three more by the time you were ten. The doctor told us we were probably lucky to have had you. She suspected there might’ve been a genetic problem.”
Every time Margie lost a child, she’d mourned her first baby all over again and wondered if she were being punished.
“Did you ever get tested?”
Dan had been as resistant to doing that as he had been about seeing a doctor for his impotence. He would never discuss it with her, but she suspected he’d been afraid the doctors would discover something that would have affected his certification as a commercial pilot.
“No. Your dad insisted if God wanted us to have another child, we would. He felt we should just keep trying and eventually we’d get a lucky combination of our genes again.”
“And you never got pregnant again after that?”
“No.” The doctor had told Margie she couldn’t find a thing wrong with her. Dan had been in his late forties by then, so she’d speculated his sperm count might have dropped too low to impregnate her or they had some sort of incompatibility. Margie knew if she’d suggested artificial insemination or even adopting it would have added to Dan’s feelings of inadequacy, and by that point, he'd considered it unfair to burden a child with a dad nearly old enough to be his grandfather. In the end, she’d swallowed her deep disappointment and let the issue of having more children drop.
Emma slumped on the bed and stared at the floor. “Do you think I might have inherited the same problem?”
“No, Sweetie. You’re eighteen weeks into your pregnancy. I never got past the ninth.” With as quickly as Margie’s body expelled her unborn babies, she figured she’d probably conceived many more times during her marriage without ever realizing it.
She glanced at the clock. “Come on, we’d better hurry and touch up your make-up, or we’ll be late. You don’t want Alex to think you’ve stood him up.”
Since the matron of honor traditionally wore the bride’s best color, Margie had purchased a formal suit from Abby’s Closet in a light blue raw silk that complimented the silver in her daughter’s eyes. She’d lost a few pounds, but unfortunately, the dress’s halter-style bodice was still a little tight and the seams had been too narrow to allow Abby to let the garment out any more than she had. If Margie didn’t keep the matching jacket on, every man at the reception would be waiting for her breasts to fall out of the top of her dress.
In the limo Jake insisted on hiring to transport them to his house, Margie squeezed Emma’s hand. “Do you feel funny having me as your matron of honor instead of someone your own age?”
“A little. But only because it tells everyone I don’t have a best friend. It makes me feel like a loser.”
Dan had never understood Emma and Margie needed more than just each other. “I know, and I’m sorry about that.”
“I suppose I could’ve asked Kristen, but I’ve only known her about six months.”
“I’m sure once you get to the university with Alex, you’ll make lots of friends.”
“Right, there’s dozens of pregnant co-eds running around the campus.” Emma laid her head on Margie’s shoulder. “I’m scared, Mommy. I love Alex so much. I don’t want to lose him.”
Margie didn’t know how to reassure her except to say, “And he loves you very much.”
That she didn’t doubt. The kids’ future together might be uncertain. But for the time being, Alex clearly believed he was cloud-nine, mile-high in love with Margie’s daughter. Whether that love would mature with them was a whole other matter.
“Don’t worry.” She patted Emma’s hand. “Together, you’ll make it work somehow.”
When the driver opened the limo door for them, Jake strolled from the house and let out a long wolf whistle. “Wow. I don’t know which of you looks more gorgeous. I’ll have to say Emma since brides are always the most beautiful.”
~*~
The flowers in the garden took Margie’s breath away as she preceded Emma up the aisle separating the rows of white folding chairs. The tenderness in Alex’s eyes when he saw his bride and the love in his voice during the ceremony tightened Margie’s chest.
Her daughter had never been comfortable as the center of attention. Emma’s voice trembled as she said her vows to Alex, “I, Emma Margaret Bradford, take thee, Alexander Jacob Manion, to be my lawfully wed—”
When she froze, Alex gathered her close and whispered, “Shhh, relax, Angel. Forget about everyone else. Just say the words to me.”
She gazed up at him and smiled, finishing with his arms wrapped tightly around her.
As soon as the minister pronounced them husband and wife, Alex scooped Emma up and kissed her as he carried her down the white runner.
Once the reception began, the day whizzed by in a blur for Margie. Every time she looked up, Jake had his arm around Roxanne and was laughing with old friends or family.
After moving so often, the few friends Margie had made over the years were scattered about the country. Since she’d lost what little family she had when she’d severed her relationship with her mother, the only guests Margie had were Louise and the three teachers she ate lunch with all year. All four of them had to leave the reception early due to previous commitments.
She understood why her daughter felt like a loser. The reception simply spotlighted what a wallflower Margie was. Every time she found herself standing by herself, watching everyone else enjoying themselves, she imagined a big L stamped on her forehead. And after today, she would be totally alone.
Had her mother felt this kind of despair when Margie left home? For the first time in nineteen years, she felt sorry for her mom.
~*~
“How much longer until we can leave?” Alex whispered, nuzzling Emma’s ear. He couldn’t wait for the reception to end so he could finally take her to bed again.
“We haven’t even cut the cake yet.”
“Oh.” He twisted his mouth and chuckled. “I guess it’ll be a while before we can get naked, huh?”
“At least another hour.” Emma smiled and stood on her tiptoes to kiss him. “Unless, of course, you want to strip down right here.”
His buddy, Greg Stenchler, strolled up behind him with Crunch and a few of their other friends and slapped Alex on the back. “Great party. Where’s the honeymoon?”
“Oh, no-o.” Alex laughed. “You don’t really think I’m stupid enough to tell you Bozos where we’re going.”
“You know, Phil and Brandy are really pissed you didn’t invite them,” Greg told him. “Is it because of the incident in the locker room last fall?”
Alex cringed inwardly and fired a warning look at his friend. “No,” he muttered through his gritted teeth. “I just don’t like the way they treat Emma.”
Greg winced, obviously realizing too late that he’d put his foot in his mouth. “Ooops. Sorry.”
Emma’s baffled gaze bounced between them. “What happened in the locker room?”
The last thing Alex needed on their wedding day was for her to find out about Brandy. “Uhh, nothing, Angel, just some practical joke Phil played.”
Alex set down his glass of the effervescent punch being served to the minors and waved toward his mother. “I promised my dad I’d talk to my mom before we leave for Manhattan.”
“Ahhh, New York.” Crunch wiggled his eyebrows at the other guys.
Stench grinned. “That only leaves us a couple a hundred hotels to call.”
“Bite me.” Alex shoved his friend’s shoulder. “Listen, I’ll let you dance with my wife while I’m gone if you promise not to end my marriage before I even go on my honeymoon.”
He left Emma with Greg and strolled over to his parents and Uncle Chris. “I hate to interrupt, but I was hoping I could steal my mother for a dance.”
His mom’s eyes shimmered with tears. “Oh, Alex, I’d love that.”
Chris slung his arm around Jake and Alex’s shoulders. “Before you take her away, I wanted to talk to you two.” He hemmed and hawed a few seconds before finally saying, “I—uhh—I was wondering if you’d have a problem if I asked Roxanne to move in with me.”
Jake’s gaze flew to hers. “When did this come about?”
She chuckled and squeezed between Jake and Chris to hug them both. “Gherkin was in New York on business in March. We’ve been seeing each other on weekends since then.”
Chris smiled at her. “I’m trying to talk her into marrying me, but I still have a little convincing to do.”
“Man, that’s great, Rox.” Jake pressed a kiss to her temple. “I wish you all the happiness I never gave you.”
Alex hugged her. Was his dad really okay with his mother living with his best friend?
Jake cocked an eyebrow at his buddy. “So how long have you had a thing for my ex?”
A shadow of pain fell over Chris’s features. “Too long.”
“So that’s why you kept telling me she was wrong for me in college, wasn’t it?”
Chris’s Adam’s apple bobbed as he nodded silently. “I’m sorry about what happened with....you know.” His voice cracked. “I don’t expect you to forgive me.”
“There’s nothing to forgive, Gherkin. You may have set things in motion, but I made my own choices.”
Damn. If only they’d quit being so cryptic. Alex stepped a few feet away, hoping if he made himself scarce they might drop their guard.
“You mean you’re not still interested?” Chris laid his hand on Jake’s brow. “Quick, Rox, get the aspirin. The man is sick. Either that, or he’s gone blind.”
Roxanne smiled over her shoulder at Alex and drew him back into their circle. “So how do you feel about all of this?”
He glanced between his parents. “I thought the two of you might eventually get back—”
“No, Alex.” His mother shook her head. “That could never work. As much as your dad and I care for each other, it’s not the kind of love a marriage can thrive on.”
“Well, then I’m happy for you.” He shook Chris’s hand.
Roxanne pursed her lips a moment. “Since Chris’s job is in Wilmington, I talked Grandpa into transferring me to Warrington’s headquarters in Philadelphia. So I’ll be moving back to Pennsylvania.”
“That’s great. How about that dance? I’d like to talk to you alone for a few minutes.”
At her nod, Alex led her to an empty corner of the portable dance floor that had been set up adjacent to the terrace. “I’ve waited for this moment for seven years, Sweetheart.” His mother sniffed, wiping her eyes. “You can have all the time you want.”
He slid his arms around her. “Uhh—I wanted to tell you I’m sorry for acting like a brat. I understand now that you left because you thought it was best for me.”
His mother laid her hand on his cheek as they glided slowly around the polished parquet flooring to Billy Joel crooning, I Love You Just the Way You Are. “It’s all right. Just as long as you know, I never stopped loving you.”
He swallowed hard and nodded. “When Dad told me about how he talked in his sleep, I realized if Em ever dreamed about being with another guy, I’d want to die, too.”
“Alex, please don’t blame your dad. Your grandfather’s disappointment in me had just as much to do with my drug addiction as my failed marriage. I was insecure and insanely jealous of any attention your dad got from other women. On top of that, I carried a lot of guilt over things I’d done to him. I’m trying to work through my ninth step and make amends, but there’re still things I haven’t been able to tell him. I just hope things will work out for him and Maggie now.”
“Maggie?” Alex glanced over his shoulder at Emma’s mom. Was his mother saying what it sounded like? If so, a lot of things suddenly made sense.
“Oh, jeez.” Roxanne winced, looking as if Alex had tromped on her foot. “Me and my big mouth. Your father is going to strangle—”
“Don’t worry. I’ll let him think I figured it out on my own.” Alex smiled at Emma chatting with Kristen on the opposite side of the terrace. It was too weird that he’d ended up dating the daughter of someone his father had been involved with. “So you’re okay with the fact Emma’s mom is the same woman Dad—”
“Why not? None of it was her fault.”
His respect for his mother quadrupled. He seriously doubted he could be so forgiving and civil to someone who’d caused him that much pain.
Roxanne squeezed him closer. “I just pray Emma feels more secure in your love. If you really care for her, Alex, make sure you never do anything to give her reason to doubt you.”
A spear of guilt stabbed his chest. It didn’t matter that what happened with Brandy had gone down only ten days after he and Emma met—or that it had been meaningless. If his wife ever learned about it, she’d be devastated.
He stared at his shifting feet. “Well, I just wanted to tell you I’m sorry, Mom. I’m really glad you’re moving back to the area. We’ll need all the free babysitters we can get.”
His mother pressed her lips to his chin. “I know your dad wants you to make it on your own as much as you can. But if Emma and you ever really need anything or there’s something the two of you can’t handle, I hope you’ll give me the chance to help and make up for a few years I missed being your mother.”
~*~
After Emma and Alex cut their cake, Jake glanced over at Maggie for the thousandth time that day. She hardly knew anyone here, but she’d managed to find people to talk to. He meandered to the edge of the terrace to spend a couple of minutes with her.
“Would you do me the honor?” He held his hand out to her and jerked his head toward the couples swaying to the music.
“Thank you. I’d love to.” She followed him down the three steps to the dance floor. When she stepped into his arms, her sweet scent shot straight to his libido.
“What’d you think of the wedding?” He guided her around the dance floor.
“The florist did a beautiful job incorporating the flowers we bought into your garden, and the food was incredible.” She looked at him sideways and chuckled. “The DJ, however, is a whole other story. He isn’t exactly the most personable fellow. Talk about boring.”
“What’d you want with less than two weeks notice in June? Alex and Emma’s friends don’t seem to mind.”
She jerked her head toward the punch bowl. “Who’s the tall redhead talking to Emma?”
“Alex’s Aunt Jessica.”
“Aunt? She’s seems as young as he is.”
He spun Maggie away and pulled her back more tightly against him. “There’s only two years between them. She’s the product of Alexander’s second marriage.”
Roxanne wandered up to them and tapped Maggie on the shoulder. “I’m sorry to cut in like this, but I have to leave soon. I’m flying to Japan early tomorrow morning on business, and I still haven’t packed. I’d appreciate a few moments to talk to Jake before I go.”
“Uhh—sure.” Maggie bit her lip and stepped away. “He’s all yours.” She returned to her seat near the fieldstone wall that edged the terrace.
Roxanne filled the void left in Jake’s arms. She smiled up at him as he led her around the polished floor.
“Before I leave, I just wanted to tell you that you’ve done a wonderful job raising our son. You’ve made up for all the ways I failed him.”
Jake pulled her closer. “Rox, Honey, please stop. You’ve forgiven me. Alex and I’ve forgiven you. Now you need to forgive yourself.” He cupped her face between his hands. “You did the right thing. A lousy mother would’ve been too selfish to step out of the picture and let her child go.”
He glanced over at Maggie scowling at them as if she might actually be jealous. A pipedream maybe. But it did wonders for his ego to imagine she could be.
“Thank you.” Roxanne brushed her lips over his cheek. “But tell me one thing, Mr. Psychology. Have you forgiven yourself?” She jerked her head toward Emma’s mother. “Or better yet, have you forgiven her?”
“No. And you’re right. With our kids married, I need to find a way.”
Roxanne stepped back and trailed a finger down the side of his jaw while the DJ switched to another romantic tune. “Maybe you should take your own advice and spend a few nights in her bed. It might help you get rid of some of the baggage you’ve been hauling around.”
“Maybe.” He pulled Roxanne back into his arms and resumed moving to the music. “But she still loves her husband too much for that to work. And it would just complicate things for our family. Emma isn’t ready to accept any man in her mother’s life let alone her father-in-law.”
“You know, when Chris first asked me to move in with him, I came up with a half a dozen excuses why I shouldn’t. You, Alex, my drug problem. Then last night, after I saw our son had suddenly become a man, I realized how much time I’ve wasted. Our lives are half over, Jake. Don’t spend the rest of yours resenting the past when you could be having a future.”
~*~
At seven o’clock, Alex finally convinced Emma they’d stayed long enough at their reception. As soon as they changed their clothes, he lugged their suitcases out to the Explorer in the driveway. They hugged their parents and thanked them for the wedding.
Margie kissed Alex’s cheek. “Make sure Emma takes her vitamins.”
Jake tucked a wad of bills in Alex’s shirt pocket. “For tips.” He winked at him and whispered, “Enjoy yourself, but don’t forget your wife is almost five months pregnant. Let her get some rest.”
Alex shifted his hips as his jeans tightened in the crotch at the thought of finally being able to make love to Em again. It’d been two interminable weeks since they’d been to bed together and just as long since he’d had a decent night’s sleep.
Still, he was sort of glad their parents had kept them apart. Their wedding night would be extra special.
As they drove off, he glanced into the rear-view mirror and saw his dad slip his arm around Maggie’s shoulders. He tooted the horn and waved. Glancing sideways at Emma, he smiled. “I know a secret, Mrs. Manion.”
“Let me guess.” She grinned. “You love me?”
“That’s no secret. It has nothing to do with us. This is one of those really freaky, skeleton-in-the-closet secrets. It’s about your mother and my father.”
Emma peered at him sideways. “Please don’t tell me he’s hitting on my mom again.”
“Why? Would that be so terrible?”
“Ugh. Not our parents.” She wrinkled her nose and shuddered. “That’s disgusting. Besides, my mother loves my dad.”
“Your father is dead, Angel. And apparently my dad had prior claim on your mother and is still very much alive.”
Her eyes widened. “What?”
“You know that football player who supposedly soured your mother on the sport? He was none other than Rocket Manion.”
“You’re making all this up just to tease me.”
He chuckled and brushed his knuckle over her taut nipple. Her pregnancy had nearly doubled the size of her breasts. He was dying to see them. “If I wanted to tease you, Angel, I can think of much more satisfying ways to do it.”
She squeezed her eyes shut. “The thought of them in bed together is gross.”
“Why? Do you think people their age don’t do what we do?”
“I don’t even want to think about what my mom does in the bedroom.”
“Well, face it, Sweetheart.” He grinned. “They may not do it as often, but believe me, they do it.”
“Just as long as they don’t do it with each other. I don’t want your father trying to take my dad’s place.”
“In your life or your mom’s?”
She stared out the side window, either unwilling or unable to answer his question. Instead, she changed the subject. “I can’t believe how great the reception was.”
“It was awesome.” Their parents had to have dropped at least ten grand on the party.
The day had been so great, he hadn’t thought about any of the problems ahead of him. The biggest being, how to keep from making a fool of himself at the university. If he didn’t have Emma and the baby to support while he went to school, he’d quit football. Except he needed his scholarship to afford to take care of them.
Emma covered her mouth to stifle a yawn as her eyes drifted closed. “I’m sorry. I’m so tired all the time. I don’t want to sleep through our wedding night.”
“It’s okay, Angel, we have the whole rest of our lives together.”
He never dreamed he could love anyone so much. He’d give anything to confess his guilt to Emma, but it wouldn’t change anything. It would be the height of selfishness to hurt her just to clear his conscience.
As Emma nodded off, he reached over and stroked her hair. Too bad life wasn’t like a DVD. He would rewind to that day for an instant replay, and when Phil issued his challenge, Alex would tell the asshole to go fuck himself.
Miraculously, news of the sordid incident had never gotten back to his dad or the other coaches. Or maybe they’d chosen to ignore it. Unfortunately, half the football team knew what had gone down that day.
For the last eight months, it had been like having the sword of Damocles hanging over him while he waited for one of those goons to thoughtlessly run off at the mouth. Greg’s slip of the tongue this afternoon had dropped the razor-sharp tip of that sword too damn close to Emma’s heart.
 
 
 
Chapter 13

The caterer’s vans finally pulled out of Jake’s driveway a little after nine-o’clock. He blew out a relieved breath as he trudged back to the house. Where had Maggie gone? Had she gotten a guest to drive her home?
Soft crooning floated into the kitchen from the family room as he strolled in the back door. He gazed across the expanse of the house to where Maggie sprawled on the overstuffed sofa in the family room, guzzling bubbly straight from the bottle.
What an absolutely phenomenal idea. It would feel stupendous to become numb for a while after the day he’d had. Throwing the wedding of the decade for the kids hadn’t put so much as a crack in Emma’s icy reserve. 
He tugged off his tie and tuxedo jacket, tossing them both over the back of a stool at the breakfast bar. After pulling another bottle from the fridge, he pushed the cork out and flinched at the loud pop.
Swigging straight from his own bottle, he strolled through the dining area into the family room and flopped on the sofa next to Maggie.
“Cheers.” She held up her champagne. “Is everyone gone?”
“Uh-huh,” he murmured, taking another long drink and wiping his mouth.
“It’s too soon.” A curtain of blonde hair fell over her face as she sobbed into her palms. “I’m not ready for her to leave home yet.”
“Is any parent ever really ready?” he asked, wrapping his arms around her. “It’s my theory God purposely made teenagers obnoxious to help parents cope with their kids moving out.”
“Except, God didn’t give me an obnoxious child. He gave me a sweet, agreeable daughter.”
That was debatable. Before Emma had caught Jake kissing her mother, he would have agreed. Now, he wasn’t so sure.
Maggie pressed her cheek into his chest. “All afternoon, I’ve been thinking about how lonely my mom must’ve felt after I left.”
Considering the funk Maggie was in, it wouldn’t help to mention Katherine had also had to deal with the guilt of driving her daughter away.
“Emma’s my only real friend. I’m so furious with Dan right now.”
After another long swallow, Jake rubbed his nose in Maggie’s silky hair. She smelled so incredibly sweet—like a summer garden. “What’d flyboy do to tick you off?”
“Every time we moved away from our friends, he insisted we were enough for each other. Now he’s left me to grow old alone.”
Brushing his lips over her forehead, Jake chuckled. “You have years before you’ll reach the top of that hill, Rosebud. Stop worrying about heading down the other side.”
“I hate the idea of living alone. I’ve never done it.”
“Me, neither.” He rested his chin against her head while he took another big gulp. “I’m not looking forward to the emptiness of this place come fall. I may just sell it.”
“No. You can’t do that. You love your house.” She dripped the last few drops from her bottle onto her tongue. “I was gonna buy a little place for Emma and myself this year. I guess there’s no point now. My entire adult life revolved around her and Dan. I don’t know what I’m going to do now.”
Clearly she was suffering from a major case of empty nest syndrome. “You need to develop some hobbies.” He pointed at her empty bottle. “Did you drink that entire thing?”
“No, it wasn’t quite full. As I told you last night, I’ve never imbibed much.” She waved at his champagne. “Don’t forget, you still have to take me home.”
“Ooops. I think you’re a little late in pointing that out.”
“That’s just peachy.” She tossed up her hands and let them fall into her lap. “Now, what do I do? Is there a taxi service in town?”
“Nope. You’re stuck here for the night. Or at least until my blood alcohol level drops.” He turned and cupped her cheek. “You don’t really want to go home to the empty condo, do you?”
“No. You’re right about that.” She fanned her face with her hand. “You know it’s gotten awfully warm.”
He popped open the buttons down the front of her light blue jacket. “Of course, you’re hot. I don’t know how you kept this on all day. It was eighty degrees in the shade.”
“I didn’t have much choice. The top on this dress would get me arrested in some countries.”
“Really?” He cocked his head and smiled. “Let’s have a peek.”
She kicked off her heels and wobbled as she hauled herself to her feet and shrugged off her jacket. As she revealed the swell of her breasts overflowing the low-cut neckline of her dress, his breath hitched in his chest. “I see your point.”
The silk sheath stuck to her curves as if she’d been dipped in paint. He groaned inwardly as she slowly turned to toss her jacket over the recliner. The plunging back exposed an expanse of milky skin from the nape of her neck to well below her waist. He squirmed in his seat, noting the sexy dimples just above her derrière. She had to be practically naked underneath.
“You know what they say about ignorance being bliss?” Jake stood and strolled in a full circle around Maggie. “It’s a good thing I didn’t know what was under that jacket all day.”
“Why’s that?” Her eyes widened as he stepped closer.
“Because I would’ve spent every second aching to do this.” He flicked open the large pearl button on the halter and slid her bodice down, exposing her creamy breasts. His tongue raced around his mouth pleading for a sample of her pink swollen nipples.
He bent her back over his arm and suckled her, swirling his tongue around her crests. Damn she tasted good.
She writhed in his embrace as he skimmed his hand up her thigh, under her short skirt. His breath caught against her breast as his fingers encountered elastic lace at the top of her stockings. His fantasy just got better and better.
The blood pounded in his ears as he slid his palm upward to silky panties and kneaded her bottom. “No cotton undies anymore, Rosebud?”
Groaning softly, he nibbled a greedy path up her neck to her lips, capturing her mouth in a consuming kiss, sweetened by the champagne they’d drunk. Her whimpers and eager panting said she wanted him as much as he ached for her.
He had to have her. Right here, right now.
Her dress bunched around her waist as he cupped the cheeks of her fanny in his two hands. Lifting her against his erection, he pressed her back to the wall, trembling.
What the hell was wrong with him? Somehow he’d unconsciously landed himself smack dab in the middle of one of the dreams that had tormented him for nineteen years.
Grinding his mouth into hers, he slipped his hand into her skimpy underwear and discovered her panties were held together by two slender satin ribbons.
He tried to shove them down, accidentally ripping the sides. “I’m sorry, Baby,” he murmured into her neck and tossed the silky scrap aside. “I’ll buy you new ones.”
“Oh, Jake,” she moaned. “I know I shouldn’t, but I want you.” Arching her back, she clung to him as he pulled her legs around him.
He crushed her against the wall and ground himself against her moist heat. This particular fantasy had always ended too damn fast. He didn’t want it to be over that quickly.
Nuzzling her neck, he whispered, “Not here, Maggie. Let’s go in the bedroom where we can take our time and do this right.”
While he carried her to the master suite, her legs locked around him, she stripped her dress over her head and dropped it in the hallway. He set her on her feet in his room and yanked at the buttons on his shirt while she fumbled with his fly.
He gently lowered her to the gray satin spread covering the king-size mattress and finished tearing off his clothes, gazing down at the erotic picture before him. She lay on her back, wearing nothing but her sheer stockings, her hair tousled, and her lips puffy from his kisses.
Damn. His fantasies had never been this good.
~*~
Margie’s heart did the Macarena in double time as she stared up at Jake’s chiseled body hovering over her. He slowly rolled down her lace-trimmed hosiery, caressing the length of her legs, and tossed her stockings on the plush gray carpet beside the bed.
She wouldn’t have thought it possible, but his build had only improved with age. The dark springy hair on his chest had grown denser, and his shoulders had become even broader, making his hips seem slimmer by comparison.
Her gaze traveled southward, following the parallel row of muscles that ran from Jake’s chest, down his flat abdomen, to the ebony thatch between his legs. The definition in his body hadn’t diminished through the years—nor had the predatory glint in his silver eyes.
“You’ve never looked more beautiful, Maggie.”
Her attention riveted on his stiff penis, stirring her memory of the first time she’d seen him naked. She hadn’t been completely sober that night, either, but Jake had made her feel like she’d never felt before—or since.
She squeezed her eyes shut, mentally shoving away the image of Jake holding Roxanne in the yard earlier that evening. Margie should have her head examined for letting him make love to her. But she couldn’t pass up the chance to relive the incredible nights she’d spent in his arms all those years ago.
Somehow it ceased to matter that Emma resented Jake or that he obviously still loved Alex’s mother. Getting involved with him could only complicate things. But she missed Dan desperately, and it’d been almost two years since she’d been held and touched. She needed this.
Jake joined her on the bed and pulled her tightly against him, his spicy scent wafting around her. Flicking his tongue at her ear, he whispered, “For nearly two decades, I’ve dreamed of being with you again. Lie to me, Rosebud. Tell me you’ve thought about me, too.”
She clutched at the bunched muscles in his shoulders as his mouth blazed a hot trail down her throat. He stopped at her breast and drew the tip gently between his lips into his warm moist mouth. Every nerve in her tingled as he suckled her nipples. She dropped her head back and arched her body up to him. “Oh, yes! I dreamed of us just like this.”
His hand glided down her belly and cupped her heat as he dipped one finger between her folds, wringing a low whimper from her as he stroked her screaming flesh. He groaned against her breast. “You’re already so warm and wet. I’m dying to taste you.”
He kissed his way down her stomach, and she stiffened when he nuzzled the delta between her legs. What was he doing? His hot breath brushed the sensitive flesh of her inner thighs while he cupped her bottom and lifted her hips.
“Jake, Dan never....oh-my-gosh.” She held her breath, feeling as though she might pop with anticipation.
Lifting his head, he frowned. “Never?”
She thrashed her head. “I think he found it repulsive.”
“Then you’re in for a treat,” he murmured. “Because to me, it’s immensely appealing. Open up for me, Rosebud.”
Aching to have his mouth on her, she parted her legs and gasped as his searching tongue dipped into her feminine crease and flicked at the center of her excitement. Her thighs inexorably spread wider, and the tension in her built to an agonizing level.
“So? Do you like it?”
“Oh, yes.” She panted, squeezing her eyes shut. “Way too much.” If Dan had ever done anything like this, he might have really excited her. Maybe she was a pervert at heart.
Jake held her to his mouth while she bucked frantically beneath him, gripping the spread at her sides. After several moments of ecstasy, she shoved at his shoulders, gasping for breath. “Jake, please—my heart feels like it’s gonna stop.”
Chuckling, he lifted his head, “Then it’s good I’m certified in CPR.”
The room spun as he ignored her plea and resumed his sensual assault. Her excitement climbed until every nerve in her felt raw and exposed. If he didn’t stop, she’d spontaneously combust.
His hands slid up to her breasts and pinched her nipples just hard enough to make her gasp. As he tweaked them again, she arched up to his mouth and grabbed at his hair.
“Please, I’m gonna faint!” she shrieked as he replaced his tongue with his fingers.
Kneeling on the mattress beside her, he stared at her face, repeatedly stroking the swollen nub inside her. She didn’t have time to feel self-conscious under his scrutiny. Only seconds later, she shuddered through a fiery explosion of sensation and shattered into a thousand pinpoints of light as her body convulsed in ecstasy for several endless moments. She’d had orgasms before—but nothing that came even close to this.
Limp and exhausted, she gazed up at Jake in a surreal daze as he bent over her and the room faded away. Her eyes drifted closed, and his voice echoed from a hazy nebulous place far removed from her. “Maggie, Baby,” he murmured. “Are you okay?”
She dragged her heavy eyelids open. He smiled down at her as she reached up and touched his cheek, unable to speak. The way he’d focused exclusively on her pleasure simply made her want to treat him to the same kind of blissful torture. Finally, she found her voice and whispered breathlessly, “I had no idea it could be like that.”
~*~
Jake gazed into Maggie’s awe-filled eyes and brushed the hair back from her face. He’d gotten nearly as much pleasure watching her orgasm as if he’d come himself. He gently kissed her eyelids. “You’re incredible, Rosebud.”
Her hand crept down his belly and closed around his rigid flesh. He sucked in a sharp breath. The taste and musky scent of her, along with her soft mewls of delight, had left him ready to burst. “Baby, I don’t think you’d better do that. I’m so close to the edge I....”
She ignored him and cupped the weight of him in her palm. “Did you listen to me when I asked you to stop? You know the saying about what’s good for the goose?”
Kissing his chest, she caressed him and nibbled her way down his torso. A savage sound ripped from his chest as she dragged her tongue down the length of him. Her lips closed over him, and she drew him into her mouth. He was going to lose it if he didn’t stop her.
And he would. In just a few moments.
He propped himself up on his elbows and watched her make love to him with her mouth, his heart pounding like the high school marching band’s percussion section. Her gaze lifted to his, and she smiled. “I’ve never done this before, so you have to tell me if I’m doing it wrong.”
Sweet mercy, no. He panted as she sucked him. “If you d-do it any more....ahh, right, I’ll burst.”
When he approached the point of no return, he flipped her on her back and spread her legs. She gasped as he thrust into her hot tight sheath and gazed down at her, driving urgently into her slick passage. Her eyes held all the wonder he’d seen in them nineteen years before.
No dream, no other woman had ever equaled the way Maggie made him feel. They rocked together in the kind of harmony that usually comes after making love with the same person many times.
The pressure built to a level where he felt like he would explode. She trembled and cried out, “Oh, Jake, it was never like this.”
Her body tightened in a series of spasms. He squeezed his eyes shut at the intense pleasure of her convulsing around him. He couldn’t remember a woman’s wet heat ever feeling so incredib—
Oh, shit. No wonder it felt so freaking good. She’d gotten him so excited he’d forgotten to put on a condom.
She hadn’t mentioned anything about birth control. Maybe she had it covered.
He grabbed her hips and tilted them up, thrusting into her at a furious pace.
Damn it. He couldn’t assume.
After one final plunge into her, he pulled back to withdraw before he came, except she clutched frantically at his hips and held him captive inside her while her body pulsated around him a second time.
“Maggie, no. Please, let me—oh, damn, no.” Groaning, he lost control and spilled his seed inside her with a violent shudder. “Oh, Sweetheart,” he murmured into her hair as he collapsed on her. “I’m sorry.” Taking her with him, he rolled to his back and held her on top of him while their chests rose and fell in synchronization.
He flipped off the light and tightened his arms around her, cringing inwardly at what he’d done. What the hell had possessed him to take her to bed? He couldn’t believe he’d let his pecker convince him to make an even bigger mess out of an already impossible situation.
His fantasy had always been to take her to the edge and leave her begging. Or to use her and walk away. He might just as well face the truth. He’d never wanted to please a woman more than he did her. He was incapable of shoving her away.
She’d been young and confused by what he’d made her feel in bed all those years ago. It had been too easy for her to mistake lust for love. He couldn’t fault her for that.
But inasmuch as he could forgive her for rejecting him in favor of Dan Bradford, he still hated her for aborting their baby. At least Roxanne had been worried about birth defects. How could he feel such tenderness toward a woman who’d rid herself of his child for no good reason?
Was it possible he was falling in love with Maggie?
God, no. He couldn’t let that happen.
~*~
Just after dawn, Margie snuggled deeper into the strong arms holding her and breathed in their masculine scent. Masculine—as in male?
She popped her eyes open and stared at Jake. Snapping them closed again, she rolled to her back and flung her forearm over her face, moaning. “I don’t believe this.”
He pulled her closer and mumbled, “You don’t believe what?”
“That I slept with you.”
Stretching through a wide yawn, he opened his eyes. “We didn’t just sleep, Rosebud.” He rolled onto his stomach and leaned on his forearms. “Or don’t you remember making love with me? We didn’t have that much to drink last ni—”
“Yes, unfortunately I do recall it.” Every detail. Her cheeks flamed. “If I didn’t, I could claim temporary insanity or mental incompetence.”
“Then you should also remember how much you enjoyed it. Both times.”
She’d liked it so much it scared her. She’d always thought booze was supposed to deaden the senses, not heightened them. If a few drinks could make sex feel like that for her, she was in serious danger of becoming an alcoholic.
“Oh? Did I enjoy it?” she asked in an indifferent tone.
Grabbing her by the chin, he stared into her eyes. “You know damn well you did, so don’t try to deny it. Otherwise....” His mouth curled in a slow grin. “I may have to quote a few lines from the rave reviews I got or, better still, refresh your memory.” He twirled a strand of her hair around one of his fingers and chuckled. “I guarantee I’ll have you ready to faint again in seconds.”
Her hand itched to slap the smug smile off his face. “You can’t believe everything a person says when they’ve been drinking.”
“Maybe not. But those five rather loud orgasms you had support my claim.”
“You are such an egotist. The champagne was what did it for me—not you. You could’ve simply shaken the bed, and I would’ve come. I’m just sorry I never realized the kind of effect that alcohol has on my sex life while Dan was alive. I would’ve taken up drinking.”
“You think a few glasses of champagne did that?” He sputtered and moved over her. “Would you like me to prove otherwise now that you’re completely sober?”
“Forget it.” She shoved him away. “Now please turn your back while I get up.”
He leaned back against the pillows and crossed his arms. “Why should I? I had an up-close, very intimate view of your, uhh....feminine charms last night. In fact, I did a lot more than just look at them.”
The man was insufferable.
Sliding off the bed, she dragged the sheet off him and wound it around herself. Seeing his magnificent naked body stretched out in all its glory at full mast was worse than if she’d let him get a gander of her.
She kept her gaze averted and wandered through the house, gathering up her clothing. After locking herself inside the bathroom, she stared at her shredded underpants and swallowed hard. She’d forgotten he’d ripped them off her and how much his impatience had aroused her.
When she returned to the bedroom, Jake was pulling on a pair of boxer briefs. He glanced at the torn panties in her hand and took them from her. “I’m sorry about these.”
“I just want to forget last night ever happened, okay?” She snatched her underwear back.
“If you think you can.” He moistened his lips, and his slumberous gaze dropped to her mouth and lingered. “I know I sure as hell won’t be able to.”
He wasn’t the only one.
“As long as our kids are married, we’re stuck with each other,” she said. “So let’s try to make the best of things.”
“I thought that was what we’d been doing.” He smirked.
“You are the most obnoxious man I’ve ever had the displeasure of knowing.” She huffed. “Would you please take me home now?”
He dragged on his jeans and tugged a black T-shirt over his head. “Don’t you want some breakfast first? I may not be much of a chef at dinnertime, but my son thinks my pancakes and omelets are topnotch. And when it comes to flapjacks, Alex is a connoisseur.”
The thought of piping hot pancakes drenched with melted butter and thick warm syrup started her belly grumbling as loudly as a mob of sugar-addicts on the Atkin’s diet. He glanced down at her traitorous stomach and lifted one of his cocky eyebrows. “It sounds as if your belly would like to stay.”
She’d rather starve than sit across the table from Jake’s smug, I’m-a-stud-and-you-know-it smile. “My stomach hasn’t a lick of sense. The rest of me wants to go home.”
“Really?” He cupped her breast in one hand while slipping the other one under her skirt and caressing her bare bottom. “I think a few of your other parts might disagree, too.”
The previous night proved the body parts in question had even worse judgment than her stomach. “Too bad.” She shoved his hands away. “In this case, the feet rule.”
“Okay.” He chuckled. “Would it help if I throw in a foot massage?”
~*~
Fifteen minutes later, Margie breathed a sigh of relief after Jake swung the Aston Martin into the parking space in front of her condo. She flung the door open before the car came to a full stop. He reached across the console and grabbed her wrist, preventing her from getting out. “Would you like to come for dinner on Tuesday and welcome the kids home?”
“I don’t think that’s such a great idea. Why don’t you just ask them to stop by and see me for a while?”
His mouth tightened into a thin line as he released her arm. “Okay. It’s probably better if we see as little of each other as possible since I seem to have so much trouble keeping my hands off you.”
It might not feel better, but at least her heart wouldn’t get broken. And after witnessing the tenderness between Jake and his ex-wife, there wasn’t a doubt that his relationship with Margie was all about sex, and he’d eventually hurt her again.
After a hot shower and a bowl of cereal, she spent the afternoon cleaning the condo and preparing lessons for Simon. He was scheduled to start his tutoring sessions with her on Monday. By seven o’clock that evening, she swore she’d go mad from the deafening quiet. Who would’ve thought she’d ever miss Emma’s stereo blasting?
To drown out the silence, Margie flipped on the television and scarfed down an entire box of Thin Mint Girl Scout cookies for dinner. When she caught herself doing the newspaper’s crossword puzzle, she threw the pencil down. The next thing she knew, she’d be four hundred pounds, adopting a litter of kittens, and taking up frustrating hobbies like jigsaw puzzles or embroidery. She had to find something that would give her future some meaning.
At ten o’clock, she climbed into bed and snapped off the light. As she snuggled into her pillow, the phone rang.
“Hi, Maggie.” Her heart fluttered at the sound of Jake’s voice. “Before I took you home this morning, I meant to ask you if you wanted some of the leftovers the caterer stuck in the fridge. There’s quite a bit of food left.”
Even as fattening as the chicken cordon bleu or manicotti were, they still would’ve been better for her than the box of cookies she’d inhaled.
“As a matter of fact, if you have more than you can eat, I wouldn’t mind some.” She hated to cook for just herself.
“I’ll drop some off tomorrow. Will you be home in the afternoon?”
“Yes, Simon’s coming then.”
The line went silent for several moments before Jake spoke again in a raw husky voice. “I know you regret what happened, but I don’t. You gave me a lot of pleasure. Thank you.”
She squeezed her eyes shut and swallowed past the lump in her throat. “I’m glad I could be of service.”
“Maggie, please don’t do that. I didn’t treat you like a whore, and I don’t appreciate you insinuating I did.”
No, he hadn’t. He’d held her in his arms and whispered sweet words in her ear, and she’d woken up and treated him as if he’d attacked her. “I’m sorry. I was really depressed after Emma and Alex left. Thank you for being there for me.”
“Anytime, Rosebud. Call me whenever you get lonely.”
“Thanks, but I think I’ll get a couple of cats first.” She hung up the phone and buried her face in her pillow, letting her tears flow. What a fool she’d been to sleep with him. She’d just made things harder for herself.
 
 
 
Chapter 14

The following afternoon, Simon arrived at Margie’s right on time. They sat at her dining room table to work. At four o’clock, she closed the book they were reading. “I think you’ve had about enough today. You’re finally making some progress.”
Simon grinned. “I’m really trying, Mrs. B. Coach says if I don’t work on this at home, he won’t consider me for the varsity team this fall—even if I’m good enough to make the cut.”
“That’s because he knows it’s more important for you to be able to read than to throw a football. If you ever want to get anywhere in the sport, Simon, you have to be able to handle college level courses. The NFL doesn’t draft out of high schools.”
The doorbell rang, and she discovered Jake waiting on the step with a full grocery bag.
“Thanks. Come on in.” She took the brown paper sack and waved toward her pupil. “Simon’s reading is really starting to improve. He’s handling his diphthongs much better.”
Jake shook his head in confusion. “Dip-what?”
“Diphthong. It’s a speech glide that begins with one vowel and gradually changes to another vowel within the same syllable, such as the oi in boil.”
His mouth formed an O as he nodded.
She hauled the bulging grocery bag into the kitchen. It felt as if Jake had brought enough food to feed her for two weeks. She’d have to freeze some of it.
On top of the food was another smaller bag from Victoria’s Secret. She pulled out five pair of skimpy panties in silk, satin, and lace and let out an irritated huff as she shoved them back in the bag.
Once she unloaded the leftovers into her refrigerator, she picked up the package containing the underwear and stormed into the living room. Jake was telling Simon about one of his pro ballgames. He mussed the teen’s blond hair. “I’ll see you tomorrow at my house for a run, right?”
“I’ll be there at nine, Coach.” Simon waved to Margie as he pulled the door open. “Thanks a lot, Mrs. B. I’ll see you on Wednesday.”
As soon as Simon left, she thrust the lingerie bag at Jake’s chest. “What do you call these if not payment for my services?”
His mouth dropped open for a wordless moment while he fished a powder blue pair from the bag and held them up. “How about compensation for ruining your panties? I told you I’d buy you new ones.”
“Five pair?”
A cynical snort escaped him. “Trust me, a good hooker costs a helluva lot more than a few pieces of lingerie. What I shelled out wouldn’t get me near the end zone with a call girl of your caliber, let alone a touchdown with an extra point.”
She crossed her arms over her chest. “You know, for a man who’s practically got his doctorate in psychology, you can be quite boorish.”
He rubbed the soft satin fabric against her cheek and whispered, “I was paying you a compliment, Rosebud. You have no idea how incredible you are in the sack, do you?”
Her face flooded with heat under his ardent gaze.
“The pleasure you gave me was, as they say....priceless.”
She spun away from him. “You sound like a darn credit card commercial.”
“Well, I admit I did charge the panties. If you don’t like them, I’ll return them.”
She bit her lip, ashamed of her lack of gratitude. Forcing herself to choke down her pride, she took the bag back. “I’m sorry. They’re very pretty. Thank you.”
He sank onto the sofa and continued to gaze at her while she stared back uncomfortably. He’d been nice enough to bring the food over and very generous in replacing her underpants. She couldn’t just ask him to leave.
“Would you like a glass of iced tea?”
“That sounds great.” He followed her into the kitchen, and after she filled two glasses, he carried the tumblers into the living room. “You’ve never told me,” he said as he settled back on the sofa. “What made you decide to be a reading teacher?”
Margie released a breath of relief, thankful he’d chosen something other than their relationship to talk about. “I had a friend in grammar school who was a lot like Simon—smart enough to slide by without anyone noticing she couldn’t read.”
She propped her bare feet up on the coffee table and told him how insecure and dumb Jillian had felt. “I read her the articles I’d found on learning disabilities, and once she understood that some kids simply perceive the world more three dimensionally than others, she was a different person. I encouraged her to ask the school for help, and she ended up as Valedictorian of my graduating class. That’s when I knew I wanted to spend my life proving to kids they aren’t stupid.”
Jake stayed for two hours, telling her funny stories from his years of football and teaching. Margie had skipped lunch, so by six-thirty, her stomach began to rumble. When it didn’t look as if Jake would leave anytime soon, she gave up waiting and invited him to share some of the leftovers he’d brought.
Once they finished eating, he wandered back into her living room and parked himself in Dan’s recliner as if he spent every evening there. “The Green Mile is on in another hour. How about we watch it together?”
She’d loved Stephen King’s book, and all week, she’d been eagerly anticipating seeing the movie she’d never gotten around to renting. “Actually, I’d planned to do some reading tonight,” she lied.
“Okay.” He shrugged and flipped on the television anyway. “I’ll keep the volume down. You read while I watch.”
She flopped on the sofa and rolled her eyes as she buried her nose in her book. What was the use of arguing? He was like a nasty case of poison ivy. The more she scratched it, the longer it stuck around.
Despite her intention to ignore him, she couldn’t keep her eyes on her book, so she spent the next forty-five minutes trying to beat him to the answers through two game shows.
When the movie finally started, Jake got up and turned off all the lights. Rather than returning to his seat in the recliner, he plopped down next to her on the couch, propped his stockinged feet on the coffee table next to hers, and pulled her into the crook of his shoulder.
Halfway through the movie, he swung his legs around and stretched out on the sofa with his head in Margie’s lap. Her resolve to ignore him crumbled when she caught herself absently threading her fingers through his hair. She yanked her hand back. Less than five minutes later, her hand developed a mind of its own and resumed stroking his head.
Shortly before the final credits rolled on the screen, Jake’s breathing deepened to a slow, heavy rhythm. She gently shook him but got no response other than a few loud snuffles and a lot of mumbling about end runs and blocking.
She slipped out from under him, covered him with an afghan, and watched him sleep for several minutes. At one point, she could’ve sworn he moaned her name.
She had to admit she’d had a wonderful time with Jake that evening. It left her longing for the quiet nights she’d spent cuddling with Dan in front of the TV—and dreading her lonely future.
So much for their plan to see as little of each other as possible.
~*~
Jake rolled over on the narrow sofa and caught himself as he almost fell on the floor. He groaned, stretching while he rubbed his aching back. His spinal injury had left him unable to sleep comfortably on anything but an extra firm mattress.
He glanced at his watch. Two a.m. Only a fool would try to drive home so groggy. He hauled himself to his feet and wandered down the hall to Emma’s bedroom. Gazing at the twin bed, he tried to imagine his six-foot-three son sharing it every night with Emma. Alex’s feet had to have hung off. And here Jake had blamed his son’s exhaustion on his nocturnal sexcapades.
Maybe the bed had simply been too damn cramped for Alex. Then again, at twenty-three, a lack of space hadn’t stopped Jake from sharing a bed exactly that size with Maggie.
He rolled his eyes and snorted. “Youth.”
Silently, he crept down the hall to Maggie’s room and stripped off his clothes. Her queen-size bed wasn’t as long as his California king, but it was a damn sight better than a twin.
He slid under the sheet with her and pulled her back against his chest, rubbing his face in her silky hair. He breathed in her sweet scent, pressing his arousal to her satin covered behind. Cupping her breast in his palm, he smirked when her nipple instantly popped up under his thumb.
The booze had aroused her, huh? He’d love to see how she would respond to him without most of a bottle of champagne dulling her senses.
~*~
Margie stretched and rolled to the opposite side of the bed. She frowned and sniffed the pillow. She was really losing it. Her dreams of Jake had been so vivid she’d actually imagined his scent.
She flipped back the covers and padded barefoot into the bathroom for a hot shower. Afterward, she tugged on a pair of white denim shorts and a pink tank top. Pulling the covers up on the bed, she gasped as her gaze locked on a couple of short dark hairs lying on the bright white pillowcase, proving she hadn’t dreamed him holding her last night. The man took first prize in audacity.
Fuming, she stomped down the hall to the kitchen and flipped through her phone directory. With her fingers poised to punch out his number, she noticed a wax-coated bag sitting on the work island and a note propped against it. She hung up the receiver to read it.
Rosebud,
Thank you for another spectacular evening. I’m sorry I fell asleep last night.
Please don’t be stubborn. Come to dinner tonight to welcome the kids home. They’ll be here by six. I remember how much you love lobster, so I’m buying a bunch of two-pounders. One will have your name on it. I also recall how crazy you are about what’s in the bag.
If you’re really nice to me, I’ll even open your lobster for you again.
Looking forward to seeing you later,
Jake
Inside the bag were two Boston cream doughnuts. Nineteen years ago, he’d bought her one on the way to the airport and laughed at her moans of ecstasy while she’d eaten it.
If she accepted his invitation, she couldn’t tell him she’d been unable to bring herself to eat lobster since the one and only time she’d had it with him.
She took a giant bite from a doughnut and rolled her eyes as the thick sweet custard and the chocolate icing mingled in her mouth. There went the four pounds she’d managed to lose before the wedding.
The man was impossible. Why did he persist in reminding her of why she fell in love with him all those years ago?
She didn’t stand a chance of protecting her heart if, every time he made her furious, he wormed his way back into it by doing something so incredibly endearing.
She licked her fingers and shoved the second doughnut into the fridge to get the custard cold the way she liked it. Since Dan died, all she’d done was stuff her face. If she kept it up, pretty soon she’d be able to rent her butt out as a billboard.
~*~
Margie shifted impatiently from one foot to the other after she rang Jake’s bell at five-thirty. He swung the door open, wearing jeans, a light blue polo, and a smug smile that said he’d been confident she would show up.
She couldn’t see how he could be so sure, seeing as she hadn’t known herself what she would do until she actually turned into his driveway.
“I’m glad you decided to join us.” His gaze swept over her sleeveless turquoise top and down her white shorts to her legs. “Man, you look good enough to—”
“Don’t even think it, or I’ll turn around and leave.”
“Okay. I promise to behave myself.” He jerked his head toward the kitchen. “Come on, I’ll put you to work making a Caesar salad while I husk the corn.”
She followed him to the back of the house. “How’d your workout with Simon go?”
“Good. We jogged five miles and then spent the afternoon in my basement, lifting.”
No wonder Jake still had the body of a Greek god.
“You’re absolutely right about him. His reading problems have left him feeling pretty worthless. Once we build his confidence a little, I think he’ll be more motivated. And the more success he has in his reading, the better he’ll feel about himself.”
She shoved his shoulder. “Sure, push the responsibility back onto his reading teacher. I was counting on you to get his self-esteem up, so he’ll try harder.”
“I’m working on it. It’s not easy for a kid to forget about his classmates chanting Simple Simon on the school bus.”
It never ceased to astound her how cruel children could be to one another.
“Well, if anyone can help him, you can. I’ve seen a big difference in his attitude already.” She tore the romaine into a large bowl and slanted a glance at Jake. “You know, I discovered the strangest thing when I made my bed this morning.”
Closing his eyes, he caught his lip between his teeth.
“I found a few strands of short dark hair on the pillow next to mine. How do you suppose they got there?”
One corner of his mouth curled in amusement. “You sound just like the Mama Bear after Goldilocks visited.” He raised his voice to a higher pitched octave. “Someone has been sleeping in my bed.”
“If that’s the case, this story would have to be called Ravenlocks and the Three Bears. However, I’m thinking there might be a slightly different twist to the plot of this one. Why don’t you tell it to me?”
“Okay.” Jake chuckled and pulled a huge kettle out of a lower cabinet. “Once upon a time this fellow, Ravenlocks, went to visit a friend and fell asleep on Papa Bear’s sofa. Unfortunately, he woke up in the middle of the night because it was just too soft for his forty-two year-old aching back.”
“So why didn’t Ravenlocks just go home to his own Posturepedic?”
“He knew he was too groggy to make it back through the forest to his own cottage safely. So he thought about trying little Baby Emma Bear’s bed, but it was just too short for his six-foot-two body to be comfortable. Then he tiptoed into Mama Bear’s room and saw this gre-eeat big bed with a nice firm mattress—and Mama Bear asleep on it.”
“Exactly. It was already occupied.”
“Right. But that was part of the attraction. Ravenlocks remembered how much he liked sleeping with Mama Bear in his arms two nights before and figured if he was very quiet, Mama Bear might never know he’d been there.” He filled the lobster kettle with water and grumbled, “Of course, Ravenlocks never counted on leaving behind forensic evidence to his trespassing.”
She pursed her lips and nodded. “I thought the story probably went something like that.”
As he turned on the burner under the large pot, the phone rang. He scooped up the receiver and a smile spread across his face. “Rox, Honey, how are you?”
He listened a moment and then said, “Sorry, he’s not home yet.”
Trying not to appear as if she were eavesdropping—which naturally she was—Margie busied herself at the sink.
“Me, too.” He laughed and jotted a string of numbers down on a pad. “I’ve missed you. I know Alex is looking forward to having you around again as much as I am.”
Margie squeezed her eyes shut. Jake had never kept it a secret that he wanted Roxanne back, but had they made a firm commitment to try again at their relationship? Maybe that had been the subject of their cozy little chat at the kids’ reception.
“Let me know if you need any help with your move back here. I’ll have Alex call you when he gets in.”
Were they actually planning a complete reconciliation? Margie’s throat constricted. She couldn’t believe the creep had the gall to climb into bed with her again—knowing full well he’d soon be living with Roxanne.
He chuckled at something his ex-wife said. “Okay, let me know. I love you. See you soon.”
When he hung up the phone, he smiled at Margie. “Would you please remind me to tell Alex to call his mom in Japan when he comes in?”
She simply nodded and finished husking the corn without a word.
He slid a bowl containing two sticks of butter in the microwave and closed its door harder than necessary. “Okay, I can tell when I’m gettin’ the silent treatment. What major faux pas have I committed now?”
“It’s nothing you would understand.”
“Try me.”
“Don’t you think Roxanne would be upset if she knew you and I slept together again on Saturday night?”
“Why should she when she’s been scratching her own itch with my best friend?”
Margie’s mouth fell open. “And that doesn’t bother you?”
“Hell, yeah. But what right do I have to complain? Besides, believe it or not, she suggested I take you to bed to get you out of my system.”
“You mean you discussed me with her?”
“Why not? Rox and I might have had problems in our marriage, but we never stopped being good friends.”
“Well, it’s nice the two of you can be so open-minded. I’m sure she’ll be happy to hear you’ve satisfied your yen.”
~*~
Jake studied the flush in Maggie’s cheeks as he maneuvered her back against the counter. “Have I?” He grabbed her hand and pressed her palm over the thick hard-on straining his fly. “It seems to me Saturday night simply whetted my appetite for more of you.”
Conflict raged in her eyes as she stared at him and swallowed audibly. She obviously wanted him as much as he wanted her. But her determination not to give in was just as apparent as her desire.
“That’s too bad.” She spun away from him and proceeded to slice lemon wedges.
He waved his hand toward the pantry. “There’s croutons in the closet for the salad and fresh Parmesan in the fridge.”
“Wonderful. So is that the plan now?” She nodded toward the bowl of melted butter. “Fatten me up so you’ll no longer be attracted to me? By the way, I’d thank you for the doughnuts this morning, but you really didn’t do my waistline a favor.”
The image of Maggie with a rounded belly filled his head. He didn’t dare mention she might fatten up for a whole different reason than doughnuts or butter.
Had she given any thought to their irresponsible behavior on Saturday and the potential ramifications? He could con himself into believing she hadn’t mentioned birth control that night because she was on the pill. But why would she be taking them when she wasn’t even dating?
Or maybe she’d been so tipsy she didn’t remember they hadn’t used any protection. He refused to worry unnecessarily over something that had a slim chance of happening. Still, it would be nice to know if he should be concerned.
“So what form of birth control did you and Dan use?”
“What?” Her head snapped up. “Why would you ask me something like that? It’s none of your business.”
“I was just wondering if I should stick some extra condoms in my wallet. You’re acting as if I asked you how many times fly-boy could get it up in a week.”
Her face turned a deep pink to match her top as her gaze flickered with pain and dropped to the floor.
He closed his eyes. Damn it. Obviously, he’d inadvertently hit a bull’s eye. No wonder she’d gone off like a firecracker on Saturday.
When she turned away, he squeezed her shoulders. “I’m sorry. How long did Dan have a problem?”
“The last two years,” she whispered.
Which were most likely preceded by a few more years of only occasional sex. “That’s a long time to go without—especially for a woman in her prime. Should I assume you’re still not using anything?”
She spun back to face him. “It doesn’t matter what you assume, because we’re not ever having sex again in this lifeti—”
The garage door swung open in the laundry room and Emma and Alex strolled into the kitchen. Maggie threw her arms around her daughter. “Oh, Em, I missed you. Did the two of you have a nice time?”
Emma smiled at Alex and sighed. “Yes, it was wonderful. You should’ve seen the hotel, Mom. We were on the top floor with this big terrace overlooking the Hudson River. At night, we could see all the lights from the New Jersey shoreline.”
As a wedding gift, Jake had booked the bridal suite for them for three nights.
“Thanks, Dad.” Alex handed him the itemized hotel bill charged to his credit card. “The suite was spectacular.”
Jake scanned the receipt and smiled. “Yes, it must’ve been. The two of you apparently never left it.”
Alex’s gaze narrowed. “What makes you say that?”
Chuckling, Jake folded the bill and stuck it in his pocket. “Nine room service charges in two and a half days tells the whole story, son.”
He removed the lobsters from the refrigerator and dropped them one at a time, headfirst into the pot.
“Hot damn—lobster.” Alex rubbed his hands together. “You’re spoiling us.”
“Actually, I didn’t plan this dinner for you. I did it for Maggie.”
Emma’s eyebrows drew together. “Uhh—Mr. M, I know my mom is too polite to say anything, so I’ll tell you. She really hates lobster. Maybe we could broil a piece of chicken or something for her.”
He shot a look at Maggie gnawing on her lower lip. “She hates it, does she? Maybe she just hasn’t tried it recently.”
“Jake is right, Em. I might like it now. It’s been so many years since I’ve had it. I mean, I like shrimp, right? You keep telling me they’re similar.”
Emma did a double take at her mother. “Daddy tried to get you to eat lobster for years. You wouldn’t touch—”
“Emma, just drop it.” Alex cut her off sharply and jerked his head toward the bedroom. “Let’s go unpack while dinner’s cooking.”
Jake peered at his son as Alex walked past wearing a definite smirk on his face. He’d wager both of his Super Bowl rings his kid knew something. Exactly what, Jake couldn’t say.
“Alex,” he called after him. “Your mom wants you to call her in Japan.” He handed his son the paper with Roxanne’s hotel number. As soon as the kids went into the bedroom, he turned to Maggie. “So you despise lobster, huh? Why is that?”
“Why do you think? It reminds me of a painful time in my life. Now I have to either stick with just corn and salad this evening, or develop a sudden fondness for something I’ve refused to eat for nearly two decades.”
He cupped her cheek in his hand. “I suggest you let me help you do an about-face tonight. Unless you want to spend the next twenty years passing up something you love.”
~*~
A half-hour later, Margie let Jake crack the claws of her lobster for her as he’d promised. Using her seafood fork, he pulled a big chunk of meat from the shell, dipped it in drawn butter, and held it to her mouth. “Here, try it. I guarantee you’ll love it.”
She wrinkled her nose to play out the charade and then closed her mouth around the bite, closing her eyes as she chewed it. “Umm—that is good. I should’ve stopped being so stubborn and tried this again years ago.” Really. “I feel so stupid.”
Jake chuckled and wiped some butter from her chin with his napkin.
An angry scowl spread across Emma’s face. “Just cut the act, Mom. Alex told me you were involved with his father before you married Daddy, but I didn’t want to believe it. Obviously, your hatred of lobster had something to do with him.” She glared at them both. “Why didn’t you tell me about the two of you?”
Margie glanced between Alex and her daughter. How much did the kids know? “Because I knew it would upset you. You have no idea how horrified I was the night you told me he was your teacher. Jake was the last person in the world I wanted to see.”
“Did you love him?” Emma’s upper lip curled.
“I thought I did.” Margie drew in a shuddering breath and glanced at Jake. It wasn’t quite the truth, but it was close enough.
“What about Daddy?”
Jake reached over and squeezed her daughter’s hand. “Emma, your mom married your father because she loved him—not me.”
“If that’s the case, why don’t you just leave my mother alone?” She yanked her hand away. “She didn’t want you then, and she doesn’t want you now.”
Margie’s throat ached. If only that were true, everything would be so much simpler.
Alex wrapped his arms around Emma and kissed the tears from her eyes. “Shhh—Angel, how would you feel if an old boyfriend’s son got our daughter pregnant in twenty years? They’re just trying to make the best of a bad situation.”
Emma swiped at her damp cheeks and glowered at Jake. “Just stop trying to take my dad’s place. You have your own family.”
Yeah. Margie swallowed hard. A family he was eager to get back together. She stared at Jake and her voice came out in a hoarse whisper, “You have nothing to worry about, Emma. Aside from spending holidays and special occasions with the two of you, Jake and I will have no reason to see each other after tonight.”
 
 
 
Chapter 15

Two weeks later, Jake strolled to the end of the driveway after dinner to get the mail he’d forgotten to collect that afternoon. He’d been driving by Maggie’s condo and leaving messages on her answering machine every day. Her refusal to return his calls made it crystal clear she didn’t want anything to do with him—despite that he ached to see her.
Okay. So he wanted more than to just see her. A lot more.
As he closed his mailbox, he noticed Tina Sutton riding her bicycle on the opposite side of the road. She’d been one of the freshmen in his Human Development class. After losing her sister to an auto accident in January, she’d started staying late after class to talk to him.
“Hi, Tina.” He waved.
The teen had become depressed and withdrawn after her sister’s death which had alienated her from the other kids at school. He’d asked Pam Garner to keep tabs on her, but unfortunately, he hadn’t seen much change in the girl regardless of her regular visits to the guidance office. She desperately needed a friend to listen and a social life to help her put the tragedy in her life behind her.
“Hey, Mr. M.” Tina steered her bike across the road and skidded to a stop next to him.
“You’re a long way from home for this late in the day.”
“I know.” She pushed her wispy blonde hair out of her shimmering eyes as she wiped her tear-streaked face. “I just had to get away from there.”
“You look like you could use a cold drink. How about a Coke?”
“Thanks.” She followed him back to the house and sank onto a stool at the breakfast bar. “My parents are fighting all the time now. I can’t take living there anymore.”
The can of soda hissed as he popped the top and handed it to her. “Do you have any family you could visit this summer?”
“I have a grandmother in Ohio. They probably wouldn’t even notice if I left, except they wouldn’t have anyone to make their snide comments to.”
Jake propped his butt against the counter. “Believe me, they’d miss you if you weren’t there. You’ve seen how tough your sister’s death has been on your parents. What do you think it would do to them to lose you, too?”
“Give them one less thing to fight about,” she muttered.
Removing the teen as their go-between might actually force the Suttons to talk to each other and confront their problems.
“You know, Tina, when a couple’s child dies, it’s natural for them to look for someone to blame. Usually it’s each other or themselves.”
“Or me.” She gulped her soda. “I was the one who introduced Leah to Trevor. If she hadn’t gone out with him that night she’d still be alive.”
“No.” Jake shook his head and sat next to her. “It’s no one’s fault. Call it fate or God’s will. I don’t believe your parents blame you. They’re just going through a rough patch in their marriage. Would you mind if I give them a call?”
She twisted her mouth a moment and sighed. “I don’t suppose it can make things any worse than they already are.”
He glanced at his watch. “It’s late. You’d better head home before it gets dark. I’ll call your parents and let them know you’re on your way.”
He walked her outside to her bike, and as she was about to ride off, he remembered her once mentioning an interest in becoming a teacher. What Maggie had told him about her own decision to pursue a career as a reading specialist sparked an idea. “Hey, Tina, do you think you could do me a favor this summer?”
“Me?” Her forehead furrowed. “How can I help you?”
“I have a new player who’s starting at the high school in September. He should’ve been in your class except his dyslexia held him back a year. A good student like you could really help him catch up. Do you know Simon Newberry?”
Her eyes widened and awe crept into her voice. “You want me to tutor Simon?”
Apparently, the girl already had a crush on the boy. “Yeah, do you think you could spend some time with him every few days, helping him with his reading?”
“Heck, yeah. That is, if he’d want me to.”
Jake bit back a chuckle. “Oh, I suspect he will.” The boy would have to be either blind or gay not to jump at getting time alone with one of the prettiest girls at the high school. “Simon could use a friend like you to be sort of a cheerleader to encourage him. I’ll give him your number tomorrow.”
As soon as Tina left, Jake returned inside and called Tina’s father. Just as he suspected, Bill Sutton had no idea how unhappy his daughter was or how all the arguing with his wife was affecting their child. After talking things over with him for half an hour, Jake gave him the names of a couple of good marriage counselors. By the time he turned off the light in his office, Alex and Emma had taken root in front of the family room’s television and were wrapped around each other in a serious lip-lock.
Talk about being in the way.
It had to be hard for the kids to have him hanging around constantly. They sprang apart when he cleared his throat. “Seeing as you two plan to spend the evening giving each other mouth-to-mouth, I think I’ll go out for a while.”
“You don’t have to leave, Dad. We’ll go in the bedroom.”
“Don’t worry about it. I need to get some air, anyway.”
After Jake pulled out of the driveway, his car automatically found its way to Maggie’s condo for the hundredth time in two weeks. He couldn’t simply drive by like he had every other night. He needed to see her. To talk to her. And it was clear the lady needed a refresher class in the passion they’d shared.
He rang her bell, and when he didn’t get an answer, he glanced over at her Camry and then at his watch. Nine o’clock. Where would she have gone without her car? On a date?
His chest tightened as he pressed the doorbell again. Only an insane man would chase a woman who tied him in knots. He rang the bell a third time, muttering under his breath, “Come on, Maggie, please be home.”
~*~
Margie stepped out of the shower, and poked her head into the hallway. Was that the bell? She quickly toweled off, and as she pulled on her robe, the bell chimed again.
“All right, already,” she called, clutching the silk kimono closed as she dashed into the living room. She peered through the peephole at Jake and opened the door.
“Hi.” His mouth canted into one of his sexy, crooked smiles.
“How’re the kids?”
“Getting romantic at my house. Would you mind if I hung out in your living room for an hour or two to give them a little privacy?”
She’d spent two weeks trying to forget how good he looked and reminding herself that the more time she spent with him, the worse she would get hurt. Even knowing that, she couldn’t forget how much she’d enjoyed his company the night they’d watched TV together and how lonely she’d been since.
“Sure.” She stupidly stepped back to let him in. “Help yourself to something to drink while I put something on.”
As she turned toward her bedroom, Jake grabbed her hand. “I’ve seen you in a lot less than a bathrobe. You’ve gotten comfortable. Don’t get dressed on my account.”
Sitting around with Jake, wearing nothing but a thin silk robe was hardly comfortable.
He settled on the sofa and pulled her down next to him as he kicked off his sneakers. They stared at each a few moments, neither of them seeming to know what to say. Without uttering a word, he pulled her across his lap and nibbled at her lips in a series of tender kisses.
Her breaths heaved in irregular gasps as his hand slipped into her robe and caressed her breast. Without warning, he stood and scooped her up.
“What do you think you’re doing?” she asked, squirming in his arms.
“Shhh,” he whispered into her hair, “I’m taking you to bed.”
As he headed down the hallway to her bedroom, she wiggled out of his arms and escaped into the kitchen. He caught her and pressed his lips to her temple. “Maggie, I can’t stop thinking about you and how good we are together.”
She backed up until her fanny hit the cabinets. “The champagne just made it seem good.”
“Oh, no.” He braced his hands on the counter on either side of her, trapping her. “Champagne lowers inhibitions, but it doesn’t excite a person. I’m going to prove that, right now.”
He gently brushed his lips over hers, flicking open the buttons on his shirt.
She didn’t want to know if he was right. She couldn’t bear to discover it was only Jake who could make her feel the way he had. Not when all he wanted was a few nights with her.
“Please.” She squeezed her eyes shut as he parted her robe. “I don’t want you.”
“You’re not being honest, Rosebud. Not with me and not with yourself.”
“What makes you an authority on what I want?”
When she tried to slip past him, he grabbed her wrist. Pinning her lower half against the work island with his body, he covered her mouth tenderly with his. His fingers did a sensual slide down her throat to caress her breast. He lightly pinched her nipple, murmuring into her lips, “Now, tell me you don’t want me, and I’ll walk straight out the door.”
Whimpering, she thrust her peak more fully into his hand. She couldn’t say it, because, whether he was just using her to gratify himself or not, she did want him. Desperately. Her lack of sex the last few years, coupled by the memory of her five orgasms two weeks ago, had every nerve in her screaming, Let him do any damn thing he wants to you! For as long as he wants.
He lifted her onto the counter and unzipped his fly. “It’s just me you need. No spiked punch. No champagne.”
She might regret it for the rest of her life, but she wanted one last night with Jake before he tossed her aside again.
He dug his wallet out of his jeans and fished out a square packet. Smiling, he handed it to her and pulled his erection out of his shorts. “Would you like to do the honors?”
She rolled the condom down his hard length jutting between the V of his open fly. He slid his fingers into the dampness between her legs and groaned. “Damn, you’re as ready as I am. I’ve done nothing but think about being inside you again.”
No more than she’d thought about it. She had no willpower where he was concerned.
“Do you realize how rare it is for two people to have this kind of chemistry?” Spreading her thighs, he stepped between them and pulled her bottom to the counter’s edge. He plunged deep into her aching void as she leaned back and gasped, wrapping her legs tightly around him. “Oh, Maggie,” he panted. “You feel like heaven. I want this to last all night.”
Still deep inside her, he carried her into the bedroom and lowered her to the mattress. Her body throbbed inside as he pulled out of her just long enough to strip off his clothes. He loved her slowly and sweetly, making long lazy strokes into her.
Her chest ached from his gentle kisses and the tender words he whispered to her. She rode an endless wave of blissful sensation while he kissed her breasts, telling her with each thrust of his hips and every ecstatic groan how much he loved being inside her.
Jake was right, damn him. Champagne had nothing to do with how good sex was with him. He gave her more pleasure that night than any time before as he brought her to one soul-shattering climax on top of another.
Cuddled in his arms in the early morning hours, she listened to the steady thump of his heart and his sporadic mumbling. How would she ever survive loving him and having him walk away again? She didn’t have Dan to pick up the pieces and make her life worth living this time.
While she lay there, breathing in time with the slow rise and fall of Jake’s chest, her mind drifted back to the day they parted in San Francisco nineteen years ago.
The salty wind had whipped Margie’s hair in her face as they’d crossed the fog-shrouded Golden Gate Bridge in the convertible Jake had rented. The closer they got to her home, the harder her stomach churned. By the time they arrived at the small two-story house she and her mother lived in, Margie was on the verge of upchucking.
She pointed to Jake’s carry-on as he removed her overnight bag from the rental car’s trunk. “What about your suitcase?”
“I don’t think we should assume I’ll be welcome to stay here. Let’s see how things go.”
She led him through the back door, and her mother’s strident voice drifted into the kitchen. “Is that you, Margaret?”
“Yes,” Margie called back, encouraged by Jake hugging her to his side.
“It’s about time you got home.” Katherine Hunter strolled into the kitchen and froze at the sight of Jake’s arm around Margie. She shifted her gaze between them several times. “Who’s this?”
“Hello, Mrs. Hunter.” He smiled. “I’m Jake Manion. I met Maggie when she visited the university.”
“Margaret, what’s going on?” Katherine peered into Margie’s face. “You weren’t at Jillian’s house this weekend, were you?”
Margie swallowed hard and squeezed Jake’s arm, trying not to hyperventilate. “No, ma’am.”
He stepped in front of her, shielding her from her mother’s line of vision. “She was in New Jersey with me. Could we sit down and talk?”
Her mother’s face turned to a mask of stone as she patted her short curly hair. She waved toward a chair at the kitchen table and eased her angular frame into the seat across from them.
Jake held Margie’s hand under the table and sighed. “There’s no easy way to say this, so I guess straight out is best. Maggie is pregnant with my baby, and I’d like to marry her.”
Her mother didn’t yell or scream. She simply glared at him and narrowed her arctic blue gaze. “How old are you?”
Jake’s workouts had filled out his build in a way most men’s physiques didn’t develop until their late twenties.
“Twenty-three.”
Katherine arched one light brown eyebrow. “So then I assume you’ve just graduated.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“And exactly how do you expect to support my daughter and a baby with no job?”
“I have a job. Your daughter and our child will be very well taken care of.” He told Margie’s mother how much he’d be earning his first year in the NFL, and her jaw dropped.
She turned to Margie, her upper lip drawn up in disdain. “How could you sleep with him? You were at that school two lousy nights.”
Margie clamped her mouth closed to keep from screaming that her night with Jake had not been lousy. It’d been the most wonderful one of her life.
“Mrs. Hunter, please don’t blame Maggie. None of this was her fault.”
“Unless you’re admitting you raped her, she is most certainly responsible.”
He closed his eyes a moment. “No, I thought she was a—” He heaved a frustrated sigh. “Look, I seduced her. But if I’d known she was so young, I never would’ve touched her.”
Katherine sliced her hand through the air. “Well, you can forget the wedding. She’s not having your baby.”
“What!” Margie catapulted out of her seat. “You can’t be suggesting I should—”
“Wake up, Margaret. Can’t you see this man only proposed out of a sense of duty?”
Margie didn’t want to admit to her mother or herself how true that was. “For your information, Jake is breaking his engagement to Alexander Warrington’s daughter to marry me.”
Katherine’s gaze snapped to hers. “Don’t you think his lack of fidelity says something about his character?”
“I love him, and I want to be his wife.”
“What do you know about being in love?” Her mother snorted. “You’re not even eighteen. And what about your plans to go to medical school?”
Jake turned Margie’s face toward him. “Sweetheart, you didn’t tell me you wanted to be a doctor.”
“See.” Her mother waved toward him. “You don’t know a thing about each other, and you want to tie yourself to him for the rest of your life? Over my dead body. I was pushed into a shotgun marriage, and your father ran around on me my entire pregnancy. I’m not letting this skirt-chaser destroy your life, too.”
“That’s not going to happen.” Jake stared into Margie’s eyes and smiled. “Your daughter has come to mean a great deal to me. I swear I’ll be faithful to her.”
“You’re damn straight it won’t happen, because I’m taking her for an abortion.”
“I will do no such thing!” Margie began to hyperventilate.
“Mrs. Hunter, you don’t have anything to say about it. You can either accept this and wish us well, or you can say good-bye to your daughter when she turns eighteen next week. And that will be the last you’ll see of her. Either way, I’m coming back for her after she graduates, and we’re getting married.” He crossed his arms over his chest. “Now, what’s it going to be?”
Margie almost hoped her mother would kick her out so she wouldn’t have to stay there when Jake left. Katherine pursed her lips and stared at him for several minutes before she raised her hands in surrender. “As you say, I have no choice.”
Jake jerked his head toward the door. “Walk me out to the car, Rosebud.”
Trembling, she clutched his hand and strolled out to the road with him. Stepping off the curb, he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her close. The dam containing the tears, which had threatened to spill all day, finally burst.
Holding her tightly, he stroked her hair. “Shhh—the worst is over. I’ll call you later with my motel’s phone number. If your mom gives you too hard a time, I’ll come right back for you.” He tipped her chin up and kissed her deeply. “I’ll stop by here before you go to school tomorrow so we can say goodbye before my flight leaves.”
“Okay.” She sniffled, wiping her eyes. “Thank you for handling her.”
He brushed Margie’s hair back from her face and grazed her lips with another light kiss. As Jake drove off, she glanced up at the house and saw her mother scowling at her out the window. She’d seen everything.
And nothing.
Her mother had no idea of the gentle tenderness Jake was capable of. The reverent way he’d loved her the last two nights had been more beautiful than if they’d actually had sex. He’d insisted on waiting until they were married before claiming that privilege again, so they’d spent half the night in a sensual exploration of each other. Margie had learned the scent, texture, and taste of nearly every inch of Jake.
She treasured the memory of his teasing kisses and the sounds of pleasure he’d made in her ear to accompany the sweet words he’d whispered throughout the night.
No one. Not her mother, not Jake, nor even a panel of psychiatrists would ever convince Margie she wasn’t in love with Jacob Nicholas Manion III.
~*~
Dawn crept through the cracks between the blinds and nudged Jake awake. As a ray of morning light snuck past his eyelashes, he bolted upright in Maggie’s bed.
Shit! It was morning. Alex and Emma would be wondering what happened to him.
He glanced at his watch. It wasn’t six yet. He should be able to get home before they got up. After tugging on his boxer shorts and jeans, he planted a kiss on Maggie’s cheek as he zipped his fly and whispered, “I’ll call you later, Rosebud.”
Shrugging on his shirt, he rushed into the living room to hunt down his sneakers. He wiggled his bare feet into them and stuffed his socks in his shirt pocket.
The Vantage slid around the curves like a lover’s caress as he sped home, replaying the previous night in his head. He felt like a damn adolescent after having sex for the first time. Instead of being sated, he wanted Maggie more than ever.
All those years of dreaming about her must have been about more than just bitterness. After all, would he have been so angry if he hadn’t been falling in love with her nineteen years ago?
At six-fifteen, he tiptoed through the laundry room. His heart leapt into his throat as he swung open the kitchen door and nearly bowled his son over.
Alex’s eyes narrowed to two suspicious slits. “Where’d you go so early?”
Jake bit his lip while heat crept up his neck. “I, uhh....I went out to get bagels, but the shop wasn’t open yet.”
One corner of his son’s mouth turned up. Alex glanced down and pointed at Jake’s chest. “Is that a new fashion trend I haven’t heard about?”
“What?
“Carrying your socks in your pocket instead of wearing them.” Alex chuckled, tipping his head, studying Jake’s shirt. “You’re buttoned crooked, too. Were you running late to be too early for the bagels?”
“Very funny.”
“You’re just getting home, aren’t you? You know the house rules, Dad. You made them. Call, no matter what time it is.”
“I’m sorry.”
Alex lifted his eyebrows and grinned. “So? Where were you all night?”
“None of your business. And if you’re smart, you’ll keep your mouth shut to your wife.”
“Maggie’s, huh? If you don’t want Em to know, I suggest you head to your room. She’ll be out here any second to fix breakfast.” Alex grabbed his arm to stop him. “And I hope you’re practicing safe sex, Dad. That’s my mother-in-law you’re messing around with.”
Jake glared at him and stomped toward his bedroom followed by his son’s laughter. Alex should only know how irresponsible his father had been.
By the time Jake finished showering and shaving, his son had already left for work. Emma had been doing all of the cooking, cleaning, and laundry since she’d moved in. When Jake finally meandered back to the kitchen, she placed a stack of steaming blueberry pancakes at his place and poured him a cup of coffee and orange juice.
“You know, Emma, I appreciate all of your help, but you don’t have to do everything around here. You’re spoiling me.”
“That’s okay, Mr. M. Alex and I want to pay our own way and do our share.”
It seemed, no matter what he did, Emma refused to warm back up toward him.
He took a bite of blueberry pancakes and let out a soft groan. “Umm, these are incredible. Alex must’ve gone to work a happy man. Did your mother teach you to cook?”
“Uh-huh.” She nodded and wiped off the counter. “We cooked a lot together. Whenever my dad was gone for more than just a couple of nights, we made him a feast when he came home.” Every chance she got, Emma rubbed Jake’s nose in her parents’ happy home life. Roxanne had never been very domestic. The cozy Norman Rockwell scene Emma painted whenever she spoke of Dan twisted Jake’s gut in a knot.
He had to bite his tongue to keep from blurting out there was one aspect of her mom’s marriage that hadn’t made her happy. Of course, Emma wouldn’t know anything about that.
It was eight-thirty by the time he downed his second cup of coffee and finished reading the morning paper. After placing his plate and silverware in the dishwasher, he strode into his study and picked up the phone to call Maggie. It rang six times before she finally answered.
“Hi, Sweetheart, I hope I didn’t wake you.”
“No.” Her voice sounded funny—as if she might have been crying....
“I called to tell you how incredible last night was. I’d like to take you to dinner tonight.”
“I can’t do this with you, Jake. Please stop knocking on my door. There’s no reason for us to have anything to do with each other until our grandchild is born.”
He raked his fingers through his hair. “What the hell do you mean? Last night was a perfect reason for us to have everything to do with each other.”
“Look.” She huffed. “I won’t deny we sizzle together.”
“Sizzle? We generate more heat than a nuclear blast.”
“Exactly. You taught me a valuable lesson nineteen years ago. This time I’m not confusing lust with love. Don’t call me anymore unless it has something to do with the kids.”
The line clicked and then buzzed in his ear. Staring at the dead receiver, he slammed it down in its cradle. Damn it. Why did she keep doing this to him? He had to be certifiably crazy to want a relationship with the same woman who’d hurt him before.
Why the hell couldn’t he simply forget her and get on with his life? Sleeping with Maggie was supposed to get her out of his system—not make him plummet head over ass in love with her.
~*~
On Monday morning, Maggie called Simon’s house to cancel their tutoring session. She was exhausted, depressed, and couldn’t motivate herself to even get dressed. She felt bad seeing as she’d already cancelled once on Friday, but she really wouldn’t be any good to him, feeling like this.
“I’m so sorry I can’t work with Simon today, Mrs. Newberry,” she said after his mother answered the call. “I’m still feeling a little under the weather.”
“It’s quite all right. I appreciate what you and Coach Manion are doing for him. I don’t know what you did to light a fire under Simon, but my son is really eager to learn now.”
“You know, Mrs. Newberry, he might be even more interested if you read some of the same books and discussed them at mealtimes. I can recommend a number you’d both enjoy.”
“Oh—uhh, I don’t read much,” Mrs. Newberry confessed.
Exactly.
“When I was in school, I never got the extra help you’re giving Simon. I always wished I could read the books they talk about on TV.”
“You know, it’s never too late to start,” Margie said. “There’re literacy organizations with volunteers who—”
“I know.” Mrs. Newberry sighed. “It’s just too embarrassing to admit that, at thirty-five, I can barely read the instructions on a package of mac n’ cheese.”
Shame was the main reason people didn’t seek help. “I could tutor you, too.”
“Oh, no. I couldn’t take up your time that way.”
“Really, you’d be doing me a huge favor.” Margie told Simon’s mother about how empty her foreseeable future seemed and how she needed something to fill her life now that her daughter was leaving home. “In fact, I’ve been thinking about starting an adult book club to encourage the students’ parents to set an example for their kids.”
“That sounds like a great idea. If you really wouldn’t mind helping me, I’d love to join.”
As soon as Margie hung up, she called the superintendent’s office and spoke to Anthony Petrillo about her idea.
“I know providing books for the parents isn’t an expenditure that would benefit the students directly, but in the end, it would. Even if we can’t get the reading material we need, it would be a help if we could just meet in the high school’s library one night a week and have the administration send flyers home with the students in September to promote the club.”
“It sounds like a great plan,” Mr. Petrillo agreed, “but convincing the board to allocate part of the school budget could be tough.”
“Tell them to take the funds from their precious sports programs. I’m not asking for that much money.”
“I know you aren’t. I’ll put it in under new business on the agenda for Thursday night’s board meeting. You’ll need to attend and be prepared to present a summary of your proposal.”
“Thank you so much.” Margie rubbed her stomach, feeling nauseous. “I’ll be there.”
It would take a lot more than a stomach virus to keep her home from this. Now all she needed was that pair of storm trooper boots. If she couldn’t stamp out illiteracy with them, she’d use them to kick the board members’ stingy asses if they turned down her request.
 

 
Chapter 16

Alex strolled in from work on Monday evening and found Emma pacing the kitchen. She waved a letter in his face. “Come on, hurry up and open it. I think it’s about our apartment. I’ve been waiting all afternoon.”
He heaved a weary sigh. Damn, he was beat. “You could’ve just read it, Angel.”
“I wouldn’t open your mail.”
“Em, we’re married.” He tore open the envelope and pulled out the page. “You’re welcome to open anything addressed to me.” He scanned the page and smiled. “The apartment is only about seven hundred square feet, but we have two bedrooms. It’s in an old complex, so it’s less than a thousand a month.”
“I’m so relieved!” She flung her arms around his neck. “Oh, by the way, there’s another envelope for you on the counter from the athletic department.”
While he ripped the flap up, she hung on his arm and read it along with him. It wasn’t just an ordinary form letter sent to all the new players. The head coach had written a personal message to him, telling him what an asset the staff believed he would be to the team and how much they looked forward to coaching him.
Alex’s gut knotted as he read the paragraph about how excited the other players were to have Rocket Manion’s son joining their team.
Shit. Nothing like a little pressure.
Emma slid her arms around his neck. “Wow. I bet that makes you feel good.”
“Yeah, right.” He splayed his hands over the swell of her abdomen. The baby was really growing. She’d been wearing his T-shirts and gym shorts since their wedding, but today she had on a pale yellow maternity top and khaki shorts . “You’ve finally put on one of your outfits.”
“Kristen talked me into it. I went shopping with her, and stopped to visit my mom for a while.” She rubbed his back. “What’s the matter? You look upset.”
He smiled and shook his head. “No. We have an apartment, you love me, and our baby’s growing like a weed. What more could I want?” Other than for the whole world to stop expecting him to be something he couldn’t be. “How’s your mom?”
“Terrible. She wasn’t dressed, and she looked like she’d been crying. I think your father must’ve done something.”
“Did you ever think maybe your mother hurt him? Haven’t you noticed the way he’s been slamming around here this last week like he’s got a burr in his jock strap?”
“Alex, I don’t want to fight about them. I know you’re not responsible for what he does.”
“Where is he?”
“In his study. He’s been in there since I got home.”
He tapped on his father’s door and found him sprawled on the sofa with the blinds drawn and the lights off.
“Dad, can I talk to you?”
His father nodded absently and sat up but continued staring at the floor.
“I got a letter from the university’s head coach this afternoon, telling me how great they all think I am.”
Jake looked at Alex blankly as though he hadn’t said a word. “Good.” He stood and patted Alex’s shoulder. “I think I’ll go visit grandpa and Helen for a while. Tell Emma I won’t be here for dinner tonight.”
Good? That was it? Couldn’t his father see Alex was getting set up to embarrass himself and his family? Maybe he should just look into getting a student loan. Then he could quit football and no one would ever know what a fraud he was.
“Oh.” His father stopped in his tracks. “By the way, Greg stopped by earlier and left this for you.” He handed him an envelope from the top of his desk before striding out the door.
Alex tore it open and pulled out the folded piece of notebook paper.
Hey, Alex—
I wanted to talk to you before I left on vacation, but we’re going sooner than I thought. I know Emma sometimes uses your phone, so I figured I’d better not leave this on your voicemail.
Crunch told me Phil was shooting off his big mouth at the bowling alley last night, saying you’d be sorry for not inviting him to your wedding. So watch your back. It sounds like the A-hole is planning something. And Crunch said he thinks it might have to do with what happened in the field house.
See ya in about a week,
Stench
Shit. Alex crumpled the letter in his fist and punched the armchair. He didn’t need this right now. Maybe he should just tell Emma what happened. It would be better than having her hear it from someone else.
Or maybe not.
If he confessed, she’d think he’d been cheating on her. And he hadn’t. Not really. He’d only asked her to his party by that point, and they weren’t exclusive. If he’d known then how crazy he’d eventually be about her, he never would’ve let it happen.
Of course, it hadn’t helped that he’d been hurt the week before and was worried he wouldn’t be able to play the season’s biggest game. He’d farted around with that jackass Carmichael way too long after practice and had just pulled off his jersey when the last player headed home.
“What are you still doing here,” his dad had asked as he’d wandered through the locker room, making sure everything had been cleaned up for the night.
“Phil suckered me into another dumb-ass contest.”
“Alex, when are you going to stop swallowing his bait?”
“He didn’t believe I could nail a goalpost from the thirty-yard line.”
“What the hell do you care what he believes? You know what you’re capable of.” His dad glanced down the next row of lockers while Alex stripped off his mud-caked pants. “Where is the idiot?”
“He headed home in his uniform. He doesn’t care how filthy that heap of his gets.”
“Well, hurry up. I have a coaches’ meeting in my office. We’re reviewing some game films, so I won’t be home for a while.” Jake pointed at the two butterfly strips on Alex’s forehead. “By the way, how’s that gash doing?”
Earlier that week, Alex’s desk chair had collapsed in homeroom, and he’d banged his head, which had given him a mild concussion. He still wasn’t convinced it had been an accident.
“It’s starting to itch, so I guess it’s healing. The doctor cleared me to play on Saturday.”
As soon as his dad headed for the other end of the field house, Alex strode into the large tiled shower room and stepped under the nozzle at the far corner since it was the only one with any soap nearby.
While he lathered himself, he imagined washing Emma and running his slippery palms over her naked body. He slid his hand south and soaped the boner his erotic daydream had given him. While stroking himself, he caught a sudden movement out of the corner of his eye.
Spinning to face the wall, he glanced over his shoulder. “Brandy, what the hell are you doing in here?”
The girl never stopped flirting with him. She stepped under the spray with him, still wearing her cheerleading practice uniform.
“I saw Phil on his way to the parking lot. He told me you were alone.” She grabbed his soapy hard-on. “He said you might ask me out if I showed you what you were missing.”
“Well, he was wrong.” Alex shoved her hand away. “I’m seeing someone else. And I can take care of myself.”
“You might be able to jerk yourself off, but you can’t do this.” She dropped to her knees in front of him. “And I know prissy Emma would never give you a blow job,” she murmured, wrapping her lips around his hard flesh.
He tried to pull away, but Brandy gripped his haunches tight, sucking him as if he were a giant peppermint stick. His traitorous body betrayed him and rocked with the pulsing suction while she egged him on, massaging his balls.
Ahh, hell. It felt too damn good. He leaned back against the cool tile and closed his eyes, continuing to pump his hips. While he surrendered to the pleasure of her tongue and the hot water pouring over him, he lost himself in the mental image of sinking deep inside Emma.
The rushing water thundered in his ears, drowning out everything except his groans reverberating off the ceramic walls as the pressure built in his lower half. After a full minute of mindless thrusting, he finally exploded in Brandy’s mouth to the echo of whistles and applause.
Alex’s eyelids snapped up like two window shades, and he discovered eight teammates and Phil watching them.
The son of a bitch had set him up. Carmichael knew how eager Brandy was to date Alex. After suggesting the BJ, Phil must have invited every guy left in the parking lot back to the field house to be an audience for their sex show.
The perverts all tugged at their straining crotches, implying they had probably watched the entire time Alex groaned and writhed against the wall.
Brandy gazed up at him, looking equally shocked and mortified. 
Although the girl had forced her attentions on him, he couldn’t help but pity her. He would hand his position as team captain to Carmichael before he’d let the bastard have the satisfaction of seeing him humiliated in front of his teammates.
“Are you assholes really that hard up for a free peep show?” He forced a bravado-laden laugh past the shame clogging his throat and yelled, “Get the fuck outta here! Can’t you see we’re busy?”
~*~
On Wednesday, Maggie finally forced herself to get dressed. Being heartsick wasn’t quite the same as being physically ill. She couldn’t cancel Simon’s tutoring again, not when the boy had finally gotten motivated.
After spending an hour listening to him read, she shook her head in shock. “I can’t believe how far you’ve come.”
He flashed an abashed smile at her. “The coach asked Tina Sutton to help me.”
Ah-ha, Simon wanted to impress a girl. Probably a very pretty one, judging from the pink tinge in his cheeks.
“Sutton? Is she related to the girl who was killed in that awful crash last winter?”
“Leah was her sister. Coach told me I’d be helping Tina, too, if I let her tutor me, ‘cause she needs something to get her mind off what happened.”
Jake’s instincts with the kids never ceased to amaze Margie. Why couldn’t he be that insightful with her?
“I didn’t think I could ever read. But you and Tina made me believe if I just kept working at it....” Simon shrugged his broad shoulders. “I guess I’m in a hurry now.”
“I’m so glad. If you’re going to work this hard on your own, I think we can cut our sessions back to just Mondays and Fridays. Bring Tina with you one day, and I’ll show her some ways she can help you even more.”
After Simon left, Margie wandered into the bedroom and threw herself down on the summer-weight quilt to wallow in her misery. She had to stop dwelling on Jake. The week since she’d seen him had seemed more like a month. What she needed was to get out of the house.
She called Emma and invited her to the mall, but Alex was leaving work early so he could go with her to the doctor’s for her prenatal visit.
An hour later, while sorting through the sale racks in Macy’s, another wave of nausea and dizziness swept over Margie. She hadn’t eaten a decent meal in a week.
She wandered around the mall’s food court, deciding what to have, and froze as Jake stepped into her path. They stared at each other for several seconds. He looked nearly as tired as she felt. “What are you doing here?” she whispered, unable to force herself to look away. “And don’t even try to tell me this is a coincidence.”
Raising his eyebrows, he smirked at her. “Maybe it is, and maybe it isn’t.”
“You know darn well it isn’t.” She glared at him. “You were there when I called Emma, weren’t you?” The world spun again, and she swayed as she put her hand to her head.
“Are you okay?” He peered into her face. “You look pale. Do you need to sit down?”
“I think I’d better. I didn’t eat much today.”
He tipped his head and studied her. “Is that why you’ve lost weight? You’re not eating?”
“My stomach hasn’t been right. When I finally get hungry, I’m too tired to fix anything more elaborate than a sandwich.”
“All that could mean you’re pregnant, Rosebud.” He led her over to an empty table in the food court. “Have you had your period since the wedding?”
“Pregnant?” She stared at him, her mouth hanging open as she sank into the seat.
“Yes, pregnant. P-R-E-G-N—”
“I know how to spell it!”
“I didn’t use a condom the night the kids got married.”
She’d never thought about it. Dan and she had wanted another child so much that birth control hadn’t been an issue since Emma turned five. “If you recall, I was a little tipsy that night. How could you, of all people, not use anything?”
“How? You were no drunker than I was, Baby-cakes.” He cocked an eyebrow at her as he sank into the seat across from her. “And do you by any chance remember what you were doing to me right before we....consummated?”
Her cheeks flamed.
“Yes.” He smiled tightly. “I see you do. You’ll have to excuse me that, between the champagne and what your mouth was doing, I wasn’t thinking very clearly.” He laid his hand over hers on the table. “When was you’re period due?”
With all the upheaval in her life, she hadn’t given it much thought. “Uhh—let me think. The last time I got it was the night after the kids told us Emma was pregnant.”
“You mean the day before you told me off for accusing you of having PMS?”
“Okay, so you were right.”
“That was exactly two weeks before we slept together.” He peered into her face. “Nineteen years ago, you told me you were irregular. Dare I hope you still are?”
The few occasions she’d been more than two days late for her period were the same times she’d been pregnant and miscarried sometime between seven and nine weeks later.
“Since I had Emma, my body’s run like a clock.”
She didn’t want to acknowledge she might be carrying Jake’s child. Not when she would most likely lose it like all the rest of her babies.
He scrubbed his face with his hand. “Then I guess we can safely assume you’re three and a half weeks pregn—”
“Actually, doctors count from a woman’s last period, so it’s more like five and a half.”
His face turned parchment white as he stared over her shoulder. “Oh, shit.”
“What’s the matter?” She spun around to face a woman smiling at them like a tabloid reporter at a UFO sighting. Obviously the woman had overheard their conversation. Margie turned back to Jake, who’d risen from his seat, and whispered, “Who is that?”
“Debbie Carmichael.” He pursed his lips, helped Margie to her feet, and led her out of range of the woman’s hearing. “As I told you, the board wants a few questions answered before the executive session to decide on my tenure. The board meeting is tomorrow night.”
“I know. I’m submitting a proposal for the school to fund a parents’ book club, and it’s being put on the agenda tomorrow night. So I have to go, too.”
“Well, Petrillo called me yesterday and told me Carmichael is now claiming I lied on my employment application.”
“About what?”
“He didn’t say. I don’t know what the bastard’s planning to use against me.” Jake glanced over his shoulder back at Mrs. Carmichael. “But I think I just gave his wife a few more nails for my coffin.”
“I’m sorry.”
“There’s nothing I can do about it now. So let’s get back to our situation. I suggest we get married.”
Obviously, he wanted to avoid a scandal just as he had the last time, and once again, he was prepared to martyr himself. 
She squeezed her eyes shut a moment and summoned up the strength to turn down the man she’d stupidly fallen in love with—again. “You must think I’m completely loony. Nineteen years ago, you convinced me the press would have a feeding frenzy on you if I didn’t marry you. Well, I’m not saying I do just to save your stinking job that you plan to quit in a few years, anyway.”
“Maggie, I didn’t ask you to marry me back then just to protect my ass, nor am I asking you to do that now. I simply used that argument so I could be a father to my child—just like I want to today.”
She blinked back the tears welling in her eyes. She had to get out of there before she lost it. “Forget it.” She stomped away and called back over her shoulder as she headed toward the escalator. “If things go the way I expect them to, in another few weeks there won’t be any baby to worry about.”
~*~
Jake stared at Maggie’s back as she dashed into the crowd. She wouldn’t do it again, would she? A hard lump formed in the pit of his stomach. “Maggie, get back here!”
She rode down the escalator and ignored him. He’d be damned if he’d allow her to abort another of his children.
As intimidated as he was by the idea of becoming a father again at his age, he also couldn’t help but be pleased. He’d always wanted more kids. Somehow he had to convince Maggie to marry him.
Their lives might have been so different if only he’d had more time to strengthen the tenuous bond they’d begun to form nineteen years ago. He’d never understood how Maggie could let her mother push her into the abortion after that incredible weekend they’d spent together.
The pain twisted in his chest now with the same intensity as the day she’d called to tell him. He’d arrived home that Monday afternoon and found a note from his dad on the table telling him Roxanne’s return home had been delayed until Wednesday.
At nine-thirty that evening, Jake hung up from two lengthy phone calls—the first with the head coach of his new team and the second with Chris. Almost as soon as he replaced the receiver in its cradle, the phone rang again.
“Hello, this is Katherine Hunter. I’m sorry to call so late. May I speak with Jake?”
“This is Jake. Is something wrong with Maggie?”
“Could you hold for just a moment?”
His stomach churned while he paced the kitchen. Something was wrong. After several agonizing minutes, Maggie’s mother finally returned to the phone. “I’m sorry to keep you waiting. We’ve been trying to call you for quite a while. Margaret will be with you in just a minute. The sedative has made her a little woozy.”
He froze in his tracks. “What would possess you to let a pregnant woman take a sedative? You’re a nurse, damn it.”
“Well, that’s why I’m calling. My daughter had a change of heart and had an abortion this afternoon. The doctor gave her a prescription to help her sleep.”
Jake dropped into the nearest chair and held his hand over his mouth, stifling a sob. How could Maggie do that after everything they’d planned?
“Jacob, are you there? There seems to be a lot of static on the line. Did you understand what I said?”
“Yes, I understood perfectly what you said.”
Squeezing his eyes shut, he fought to hold back his tears. How had that bitch convinced Maggie to destroy their baby after the hours they’d spent holding and touching each other on Saturday night?
After she’d told him she loved him.
“So you see,” her mother continued, “there’s no reason for you to come back here. Margaret can go to the university in the fall like she’d planned.”
He struggled to swallow past the tightness in his throat. “Yes, I guess she can. That’ll be good for her.”
“I agree. Oh—here she is now.”
“Jake?” Maggie sniffled. “My mother told you about the baby?”
“Yeah, she told me all right.”
“I’m so sorry,” she sobbed.
“It’s over, Rosebud. Put it behind you.”
“I didn’t want to hurt you.”
“This is better for you in the long run, Maggie. I’m sorry I put you in the position I did.” The lump in his throat made his voice crack. “I gotta go. Take care of yourself.” He hung up and buried his face in his hands.
He’d felt so great on Sunday morning when the woman on the plane had congratulated him on Maggie’s pregnancy. He’d really begun to feel like an expectant father.
She must have had serious second thoughts about marrying him. First ones, too, for that matter. From the beginning, Maggie had been full of misgivings that her mother had undoubtedly fed once he’d left San Francisco.
He slammed his fist into the doorframe next to the phone and then stared at the blood oozing from his split knuckle. The ache in his heart completely eclipsed the pain in his hand, making him physically numb.
Terrific. He’d be lucky if he hadn’t broken it. His dad could be right. Maybe he really was subconsciously trying to screw up his career.
Maggie had argued with him when he’d first proposed, but it hadn’t seemed as if he’d been pushing her into something she hadn’t wanted. He’d taken the decision out of her hands, telling her they had no alternative but to get married, but in reality she’d had another option.
And regardless of what he or her mother had said to her, it was Maggie who’d ultimately made the choice.
~*~
Margie pulled up in front of her condo just before sunset. Jake swung into the parking space right next to her Camry and got out of his car. She climbed out of her vehicle and slammed its door. “Leave me alone.”
Jake pressed her back against the fender and tipped her chin up. “Marry me, Rosebud. Doesn’t the fact we still set each other on fire after all these years prove we belong together?”
“I told you once before, I’m not making the same mistake again of confusing—”
“Love for passion?” He rubbed his face in her hair and whispered, “Tell me something. Do you remember those two nights I snuck into your room at my home nineteen years ago? The ones when we didn’t have sex. When it was all about discovering each other?”
Did she remember? What an asinine question. What did Jake think had given her the silly notion he’d fallen for her? Did he really consider her so gullible she would believe he might care now, when she’d personally heard him tell Roxanne he loved her?
“What do you think confused me then and now?”
Jake dotted her face with kisses while he ran his fingers through her hair and murmured, “Sweetheart, we have the kind of passion most couples only fantasize about.”
She had no resistance to his tender seduction. Her mouth opened under his and their tongues began an intimate dance while he ran his palms up the back of her legs and under her skirt. Cupping her bottom, he pulled her tightly to his arousal and lifted her. He pressed her back against her car and ground himself into her, making her wish their clothes would simply disappear.
The sound of an engine penetrated her daze, followed by a loud cough. “That’s some talk you’re having with Emma’s mom.”
Jake recoiled from her as if he were spring-loaded.
Alex hung out the window of the Explorer and said in the same cynical tone his father had used with him six weeks before, “Maybe I ought to sell tickets. It could help support you when the school board fires you tomorrow night.”
Jake glowered at him.
“Don’t look at me like that.” Alex’s mouth twisted into self-satisfied smile. “Adults do not stand around parking lots swapping spit. If you can’t exercise some self-control, you should at least take it inside.”
Emma leaned across Alex and called, “Gee, it’s terrible when your words come back to haunt you, isn’t it, Mr. M? How’s it—”
“Don’t.” Alex put a hand on Emma’s shoulder to stop her.
Margie glared at the kids. Jake’s son wasn’t just throwing his father’s words back at him. He was rubbing his dad’s face right in them.
“You’re not funny.” Jake curled his lip. “Why are you here?”
“We just finished at the doctor, and Emma had a craving for some pistachio ice cream. We stopped by to see if Em’s mom wants to go to Friendly’s with us.”
“Why, yes. I’d love to.” Margie pushed past Jake. “In fact, I think I’ll have a burger first. I’m starving.”
Climbing into the back seat of the Explorer, she glared at Jake. “I don’t need any more pain in my life. If you don’t leave me alone, I’ll be forced to get a restraining order. I think a complaint for stalking will pale in comparison to anything Dr. Carmichael might have on you.”
~*~
On the way to the ice cream parlor Emma’s silent scowl made it clear she expected some sort of explanation about Margie’s public display of affection—or in the kids’ vernacular, PDA. Unfortunately, Margie would need the combined talents of Clarence Darrow, F. Lee Bailey, and Perry Mason to talk her way out of this one.
“How do you think Daddy would feel about you letting his rival paw you like that?” Emma finally asked several minutes later.
If she had to guess, she imagined Dan was probably petitioning St. Peter to raise him from the dead so he could beat the crap out of Jake.
“You’re not a child, Emma, so stop behaving like one.”
“I’m not. One minute you tell me you don’t want anything to do with Alex’s dad, and—”
“And the next, I’m kicking myself for letting him get under my skin. I’m a thirty-seven year old woman in her sexual prime. And I’m all alone.”
“Ewww. Way too much information.” Emma stuck her fingers in her ears as Alex’s reflection in the rear-view mirror bit back a smile.
“Oh, grow up!” Margie braced herself on the seat as the Explorer turned into Friendly’s parking lot a bit faster than she expected. “I miss your father, and I miss being held. If you understood anything about passion, you’d know a person isn’t always attracted to someone who’s suitable or good for them.”
“Well, that’s certainly the case here, isn’t it?”
Her daughter had no idea. Emma would really go off the deep end if she found out Jake had gotten Margie pregnant.
“Look, I know you’re in hormone hell right now, and it’s been a tough year for you. But it’s time for you to come to terms with the fact your dad is gone. I’m not planning to live like a nun for the rest of my life. I hope to one day fall in love and get married again. So deal with it.”
Emma stared out the window, her soft sniffle indicating she was crying. “I’m sorry. I know how lonely you must be since I moved out. That’s why we came to invite you for ice cream tonight.”
“And I appreciate it. Thank you.” Margie pulled a tissue from her purse and held it out to Emma. “But if you and Alex plan to accept his dad’s hospitality and support in the future, he’s entitled to a lot more respect from both of you. As am I.”
Alex turned off the ignition. “You’re right. We’re really sorry. We shouldn’t have busted you that way.”
“You’re both forgiven. Now—let’s talk about something more pleasant. How was your check-up, Em?”
Alex got out and opened the rear door for Margie and then trotted around the SUV to help Emma out. “I’m not sure that’s a better subject, Mom. Dr. Brennan was a little concerned by Em’s blood pressure and how much water she’s retaining.”
“Exactly how worried is he?”
“He just told me to stay off my feet,” Emma explained as they strolled into the ice cream parlor, “and to cut as much salt out of my diet as possible. He wants to check my blood pressure again on Friday.” She smiled and shrugged. “I figured since ice cream is low in sodium, it’s a great time to splurge.”
“Sounds good to me.”
Once they were seated in the restaurant, Alex excused himself to use the restroom. Margie studied her daughter’s tense face across the booth and squeezed her hand. “Sweetie, what’s wrong?” She found it hard to believe her daughter was this upset over what happened with Jake. “As Daddy used to say, you look like you just flunked out on life.”
“I’m worried about you. Why won’t you tell me what the deal is with Alex’s dad?”
“Because there is no deal with Alex’s dad,” she lied. “Stop worrying about me. I’m okay.”
Pregnant but quite sane.
Emma still looked anxious.
“There’s something else eating at you. Are you worried because the doctor said he wants to see you again?”
“No.” Her daughter sighed.
“Then what?”
“Mommy, ever since I started wearing maternity clothes, I feel like Alex doesn’t want me anymore.”
Margie bit her lip to suppress a smile. “Honey, Alex has a lot on his plate right now. I promise you it’s got nothing to do with your waist getting thicker. After a couple of weeks of marriage, things start to settle in between a couple.”
“But it was such a sudden change. From the moment he saw me in the maternity top on Monday, he’s been really quiet. The past two nights he’s gone right to sleep. I feel like maybe he’s sorry he married me.”
When Alex returned to the table, he was as loving and indulgent as ever toward her daughter, but Margie could also see the silent distraction Emma referred to.
Something was definitely troubling him.
 

 
Chapter 17

Alex listened with half an ear to his mother-in-law and Emma chatter about the baby all the way back to Maggie’s condo after their trip to the ice cream parlor.
“So? What do you think?” Emma shook his arm to get his attention.
“Huh? About what?”
“What we’ve been talking about, Silly.”
If he knew what the hell that was, he’d tell her what he thought. He spun the SUV into an empty parking space in front of Maggie’s door. “Whatever you think is right, Angel.”
“It’s not a question of right. It’s a question of which name you like.”
Name? She wanted him to worry about a damn name, now, when he had so much else on his mind? “I can’t think about that right now, Em.”
Maggie opened the rear door of the Explorer. “Alex, would you mind coming in for a moment and helping me turn my mattress?”
“Sure, no sweat.”
As Emma followed them inside and down the hall, Margie pushed her back toward the living room. “Em, go sit down and relax. You’re supposed to stay off your feet.”
A moment later in the bedroom, Margie grabbed Alex’s arm as he started to remove the bedding. “The mattress really isn’t why I called you in here. I wanted to talk to you privately.”
“About?”
“I thought you should know Emma’s feeling a little insecure. Something’s clearly bothering you. She’s thinks you’ve lost interest in her because her belly is growing.”
“No.” He closed his eyes and sighed. “I’ve just been thinking about football and starting school.”
“You seem more than just preoccupied. Are you worried about something?”
He plopped down on the bed and rested his face in his hands. “I’m not sure I want to play ball anymore. I don’t know how to tell my dad. I don’t want to disappoint him.”
“What happened to change your mind?”
“It’s just not fun anymore.” How could it be when there was so much pressure on him to live up to his father’s reputation?
She laid her hand on his shoulder. “Then talk to your dad and tell him. He’ll understand.”
“I’ve tried, but he’s been pretty distracted lately. Maybe you could discuss it with him. When you speak, he listens.”
“That would be a little tough considering I’m trying to avoid your father.” She chuckled. “Besides, it’s a conversation the two of you need to have. I suggest you do it soon. You’re supposed to leave to start training in three weeks.”
He held up one hand and headed for the hall. “Don’t remind me.”
“Please, Alex, talk to Emma and reassure her. When a woman is pregnant she feels about as desirable as a manatee.”
He stopped in his tracks, reminded of the other thing that had been bothering him. He should’ve asked the doctor that afternoon, but he’d gotten distracted by the man’s concern over Em’s blood pressure. “Uhh—Mom, I can’t hurt the baby, can I? You know—when I’m lovin’ Emma?”
“No.” She smiled. “Not if you’re gentle.”
“Thanks.” That was one worry off his mind.
“You know, Alex, there’re lots of great websites on the Internet about pregnancy. You should check some of them out.”
“Good idea. I will.” He strode into the living room, hoisted Emma off the sofa, and nuzzled her neck. “Let’s go, Angel.”
When they got outside to the Explorer he pressed her against the door and cupped one of her breasts. How could she think he didn’t want her? If she would just stop hiding under the blankets from him, she might find out how much her body turned him on. “I can’t wait to get you home, so I can touch you without all these clothes.”
She wound her arms around his neck and sighed. “I love you so much.”
His cell phone rang inside the car. Emma reached into the Explorer and answered it. “Hello?” Her face flushed in fury. “No, you can’t talk to him. He’s my husband. You got that?”
“Who is it?”
As he reached for the phone, Emma flung it to the ground and stomped on it. “That was your girlfriend, Braandy.”
He stared at Emma in shock. He’d never seen her so infuriated before. It wasn’t fair for her to look so damn enticing. Especially when she was so pissed at him and the last thing she wanted was for him to touch her. “Angel, calm down.” He picked the phone up. “There’s nothing going on between Brandy and me.”
If he told her how gorgeous she was when her cheeks flamed and her eyes sparked, she’d probably smack him.
“Oh? Then why’s she calling you? Tell me that.”
“How the hell should I know? I haven’t talked to her since before graduation.” His stomach sunk as he recalled Greg’s note. Had Brandy been calling to tell him something about Phil? “I don’t even know how she got my cell phone number.” He punched the power button on the phone and nothing happened. “Damn it, you broke it.”
“Good. Now she can’t call you anymore.”
He counted to ten silently under his breath. She’s pregnant, insecure—a little irrational.
“Emma, I swear on our baby’s life, I don’t want that slut. You’re the only one I ever think about. Now get in the damn Explorer, so I can take you home and spank your sexy bottom for breaking my phone.”
~*~
The following evening, Jake squeezed his way into the high school’s packed library for the closed hearing prior to the public board meeting. The place had standing room only.
What was everyone doing there already? Had he misunderstood what time Petrillo had said the board wanted to meet with him?
Mrs. Newberry elbowed her way through the crowd to greet him. “Thank you so much for what you’ve done for Simon, Coach Manion. I can’t believe the change in him in the last month.”
“Simon’s the one who’s done it. All I did was help Mrs. Bradford convince him of how bright he is.”
“I’m very grateful to both of you. It’s a lot more than anyone else ever did for him. The board is going to get an earful from me tonight if they even suggest replacing you.”
“You heard about that?”
“Mr. Petrillo’s secretary is my neighbor. We made sure all the parents knew about this.”
So that was why so many people were there. Even his son’s doctor had shown up.
“I appreciate the support.” He hoped. A lot of attendees could simply be curiosity seekers looking for some excitement to spice up an otherwise boring summer evening.
Alex waved to him and pointed to the seat he’d saved for him in the front row with Emma and Maggie. The crowd fell silent as he wandered down the aisle between the rows of chairs, feeling like a condemned man.
At the front of the room, he paused next to Maggie. She had ignored the twelve messages he’d left on her answering machine since the night before.
She shrugged one shoulder. “Don’t read anything into me coming early. This afternoon, I received an anonymous note saying I’d be getting mine tonight, too. I assume Mrs. Carmichael told her pervert husband what she heard, and now he’s planning to malign my character as well. So I guess I can forget about my book club. I’ll be lucky to keep my job.”
“I’m sorry.” Jake continued past Emma and Alex and sat in the empty chair his son had saved for him.
When the board assembled in front of them, Howard Carmichael banged the gavel on the table. “Ladies and gentlemen, this is a closed executive session. The public portion of the meeting doesn’t begin until seven-thirty.”
Bill Sutton called out from the back. “We’ve heard you’re deciding whether to retain Mr. Manion as a teacher. I’d like to be heard before you do, just as I suspect these other parents would.”
The mob applauded.
Howard held his hands up. “There’s time in the agenda for the public to comment after the superintendent’s report. You’ll have to wait until then.” He turned to the other eight board members. “It’ll take all night to get these people out of here. I suggest we move the executive session to the audio-visual room.”
Jake leaned forward and looked past his son and Emma to watch Maggie while she continued to stare straight ahead.
A man shoved his way in the door and shouted over the racket in the room, “Mr. Manion, I’m Vance Lincoln, reporter for the Intelligencer.”
Everyone’s mouth closed and all heads snapped toward the door.
“My editor received a tip that the board is considering dismissing you because you purportedly lied on your job application. The allegation is you committed a felony act in California nineteen years ago. Would you like to comment?”
The crowd gasped and every eye in the room turned to Jake. His stomach cramped at the smug expression on Howard Carmichael’s face.
A felony? He looked at Maggie. The reporter must be referring to Jake sleeping with her in college. But how could the board president know about that? He glanced across the aisle at Pam Garner and raised his eyebrows.
She shook her head and mouthed the words, Don’t look at me.
He knew she would never betray his confidence. So if she hadn’t told Carmichael, who had? Howie must have proof if he was bringing it up before the board. The only way the chiropractor could have any evidence would be if Jake’s classroom had been bugged the day he’d talked to Pam.
Still, it didn’t make sense for Carmichael to call the newspaper before he ousted Jake.
Anthony Petrillo winked at him and gestured toward the reporter, encouraging Jake to answer the man. Had the superintendent called the press to give Jake the opportunity to publicly set the record straight?
In reality, he would probably fair better that way as opposed to facing a closed session of Carmichael’s cronies and becoming the topic of whispered rumor and conjecture.
Alex shook Jake’s shoulder. “Tell them it’s not true, Dad. The bastard’s lying.”
“Technically he’s not.” He patted Alex’s arm and rose. The only way to save his reputation was to fess up to what had really happened. “Mr. Lincoln, I never falsified my job application, because I was never prosecuted or convicted of the incident you’re referring to.”
“But you don’t deny raping a minor and getting her pregnant?” the reporter asked.
A horrified murmur rumbled throughout the room as his son and Emma’s shocked faces both turned toward Maggie who just sat there, her eyes squeezed shut as if she were wishing she were invisible.
“Statutory rape,” Jake corrected. “I was twenty-three, and the young lady was completely willing.”
And eager and responsive. He’d relived the night a thousand times.
“When I slept with her, I wasn’t aware she was still two months shy of turning eighteen, and once I learned she was having my baby, I offered to marry her.”
“Why don’t you tell everyone who that girl was?” Howard taunted from the front table.
Jake glared at him. “I don’t think that’s pertinent, seeing as she was an innocent minor.”
“Maybe not. But the baby she conceived is relevant, and I’m sure everyone here is interested in what happened to him or her—especially your son and daughter-in-law.”
That son of a bitch. Of course, Alex and Emma would want to know the fate of their half brother or sister.
“Yes, what became of the baby?” the reporter pushed Carmichael’s point, just as Howard had clearly hoped he would. “Have you been a father to the child?”
Jake swallowed hard and looked at Maggie, wishing their kids weren’t aware it was her everyone was referring to. He didn’t have much choice but to be forthcoming.
“The pregnancy was terminated.”
Emma peered at her mother as if she were seeing her for the very first time. Maggie stared down at her lap rather than meet her daughter’s gaze.
“I’d like to add that it was this personal experience that turned the prevention of teen pregnancies into a crusade for me. So you see, Mr. Lincoln, I’m the perfect person to be teaching these people’s kids about sexual responsibility and abstinence because I know firsthand how easily a person can screw up his life.”
Debbie Carmichael’s big hair caught Jake’s attention from the corner of the room. Why hadn’t Howard mentioned Maggie’s current pregnancy? Hadn’t his wife told him what she’d overheard?
She flashed a genuine, reassuring smile at Jake and then scowled at her husband. Evidently she was against what her spouse was doing. It seemed the bastard had simply planned to humiliate Maggie by letting the world and their kids know she’d once had an abortion.
Jake turned to the board and rocked back on his heels. “What I’d like to know, Dr. Carmichael, is how the board came to be in possession of this information? You must be able to substantiate the claims you’re intent on dismissing me for.”
“I don’t need to prove anything. You’ve admitted you committed the crime whether you were prosecuted for it or not.”
“Except I’m guessing you also broke the law. Since I was hired, I’ve only discussed this with one person in confidence at the school. I know the individual in question didn’t share this information, so I can only assume my classroom was bugged.”
Guilt flickered in Carmichael’s eyes. “The administration has the right to monitor your classes.”
“Yes, but they don’t have license to listen in outside of school hours when I have an expectation of privacy. I’m wondering if I should contact a lawyer to explore a possible violation of my rights under the federal communication laws.”
Carmichael swaggered over to him and shoved a folder at him. “Rather than threatening me, Coach Manion, I think you ought to take a look at this before the board goes into executive session for a vote. Maybe you’d like to explain how this could happen while you were supposedly in charge?”
Jake flipped open the folder and had to swallow back the sour bile rising from his stomach. He wanted to believe it was a retouched photo and his son hadn’t done something like that, but the horror in Alex’s eyes when he leaned over to see what was in the file betrayed his guilt.
“You bastard,” Jake muttered through gritted teeth. “Your problem is with me. Leave my son out of this.”
“No way,” Carmichael whispered so only Jake and Alex could hear. “I’m sure ESPN, the tabloids, as well as the coaching staff at Penn State, will be very interested to see this. You either voluntarily resign, Coach, or I’ll ruin your kid’s career just like you did my son’s.”
~*~
Alex stared at the eight by ten glossy of him plastered against the shower wall in apparent ecstasy with Brandy’s mouth and hands on his buck-naked body. The picture made it seem even more sordid than the day it happened.
Phil must have snapped the photo with his cell phone from behind their teammates because the backs of their heads were in the lower forefront of the print making it clear an audience had watched.
This picture had to be why Brandy called him last night.
He stiffened as he realized Emma must have overheard and had risen to peek past his shoulder at what the board president had given his dad.
“Oh, God, no.” She sank back in her chair and buried her face in her hands.
“Angel, it didn’t mean anything, I swear.” He tried to pull her into his arms, but she pummeled his shoulders and shoved him away.
“Let go of me, you disgusting pig.” She turned to Maggie. “Mom, please take me home. I’m not feeling well.”
As Emma raced out of the library followed by her mother, Alex stood to go after his wife. He froze when he caught a glimpse of the disillusionment in his father’s eyes and the victorious grin on Howard Carmichael’s face.
Setting things straight with Emma would have to wait. He couldn’t let that bastard Carmichael get away with doing this to his dad. Alex faced the people who’d cheered for him on the football field for the last four years. “I’m sure all of you are wondering what’s in the folder Dr. Carmichael gave my father. Well, I’ll tell you, because I refuse to let him blackmail my dad into quitting a job he’s so good at.”
“Alex, don’t.” His father grabbed his wrist and tried to push him back down into his seat.
He yanked his arm away. “The file contains a photograph of me in the field house shower with a girl. You can use your imaginations to fill in the blanks.”
Brian Carlton’s dad rose at the back of the room. “Alex, I guarantee any board member who votes to replace your father, on the basis of what we’ve heard here tonight, will lose his seat when it comes up for reelection. My son could be dead today except that your father takes the time to get to know his students and listens to them.”
Tina Sutton’s mom stood up and chimed in, “That’s right. There’s not a parent in this room who isn’t grateful for your dad’s dedication to our kids.”
Alex scanned the room and smiled. “Thank you, everyone. I won’t try to excuse myself by telling you the girl pushed herself on me. However, I think you should know Dr. Carmichael only has this photograph because it was his son, Phil, who set me up and took the picture.”
A dark-haired man in his early thirties stood in the back and cleared his throat. “Hi, I’m Dr. David Lambert. I’m sorry to say, I’m not a resident of Redemption. However, I established my pediatric practice in this town and hope to move here someday. My friend, Dr. Paul Brennan, on the other hand, has lived in this town for years. He wanted to be here tonight to speak on the Coach’s behalf, but one of his patients went into labor. Last semester, Paul talked to Mr. Manion’s classes about sexually transmitted diseases and was impressed with Mr. Manion’s rapport with the students. He told me he doesn’t know a finer young man than Alex or a better father than Jake Manion.” 
“Paul told me the same thing, David.” All eyes turned to Doc Foster as he rose next to the young pediatrician. “I am a resident. As most of you know, I founded the Redemption Family Health Center, and my wife, Abby, and I have lived here for nearly forty years. I can’t divulge any specifics, but several of your children have consulted me about drug, alcohol, and sexual issues simply because Coach Manion took an interest in his students and encouraged them to visit me.”
Doc Foster and his wife were more than simply long-time residents of Redemption. They were the backbone of the community. Doc had been Alex’s scoutmaster, and his wife had taught Alex’s Sunday school class for several years.
From what I’ve heard here tonight,”—Doc pointed at the school board president—“I suspect this man is the one the school district should be getting rid of—not Jake Manion.”
“Don’t worry, Matt,” Dr. Webber, Alex’s dentist, spoke up from the seat next to Mrs. Foster. “I think it’s clear to everyone that Howard Carmichael has used his position on the board to carry out a personal vendetta against the Manion family. I promise you, he’s done his last adjustment on my back.”
Dr. Carmichael glared at Alex and muttered under his breath, “You’re gonna get yours, you little shit.”
“You don’t scare me.” Alex scowled back at him and snorted. “Hell, if the politicians in our country can survive a scandal like this, sadly enough, if you make that picture public, you just might turn me into a campus hero.”
One of the other board members banged the gavel on the front table. “Howard, I think it’s about time we took a vote.” The fellow glanced around the table. “Since the roll call is public record, I don’t see much point in taking this into closed session if no one objects. I’m making a motion to offer Mr. Manion a contract with tenure.”
The motion was seconded and passed almost unanimously except for one abstention from the soon to be ex-president.
Alex slapped his dad’s back and headed for the door. “If you’ll all excuse me, I have some explaining to do at home.”
Louise Harrigan, the elementary school librarian, stopped him in the hall. “Would you tell your mother-in-law not to worry about her proposal for the parents’ book club? I’ll cover for her tonight.”
“Sure thing, Mrs. Harrigan.” Assuming Emma’s mom was still speaking to him.
Jake followed him out to the parking lot. “Thank you.” He hugged Alex. “You shouldn’t have humiliated yourself that way for me.”
“I didn’t, Dad. At least, not tonight. I should’ve shoved Brandy away. I want you to know I didn’t encourage her. And I had no idea all those guys had come back. I was showering alone and all of a sudden she was there. When she—”
His father held up one hand and cut him off. “You don’t have to explain. I have a good idea of what happened. I don’t think most guys could push a girl away in that situation. Especially at your age.”
“Thanks for understanding. I just hope Em can.”
“And Maggie. She wouldn’t talk to me even before my son betrayed her little girl.”
“Dad, now that this whole thing with your job is settled, I really need to talk to you.”
“Can it wait until tomorrow, Alex? I have to see Maggie, right now.”
“I suppose.” He really needed to get home to Emma, anyway. He didn’t know what he could say to make her believe he really hadn’t wanted Brandy.
~*~
Margie stretched out alongside Emma on her twin bed and rocked her while her daughter wept in her arms. “Shhh—try to sleep, Sweetie. The baby needs you to rest.”
“I was right. Alex doesn’t really love me,” Emma sobbed. “If he did, he couldn’t have let Brandy do that to him.”
Margie squeezed her tight. Oh, God, please let my baby and my grandchild both be girls.
If she could summon up the nerve, she’d kick her son-in-law right in the family jewels so he could never produce another Manion male. Alex was no different than his father, taking his pleasure wherever he could get it.
On the other hand, she was no better. Margie had known Jake loved Roxanne, yet she’d still surrendered to his seduction, not just once, not just twice—but three times. And he’d gotten her pregnant—again.
A woman with a chimpanzee’s brain would’ve learned in her first go-round with him.
Emma blubbered hysterically into Margie’s shoulder until she finally exhausted herself and fell asleep. When the doorbell chimed, Margie jumped off the bed and dashed to the door to keep the bell from ringing a second time and waking her daughter.
She had no doubt it was either Jake or Alex, so she left the chain on the door—not as much to keep them out, but to restrain herself from strangling whichever one of them was on the other side. If she had to look at either of them right now, she might not be able to control herself.
“Go away,” she snapped at Jake through the narrow opening.
He wedged his body against the door to keep her from closing it. “Damn it. Let me in, Maggie. We need to talk.”
“Emma’s finally asleep. If you wake her, I swear I’ll—”
“You brought her here?”
“Of course. You don’t actually think I’d leave her at your house to live with that cheat. You should be very proud. Alex is a chip off the old block.”
“Don’t do this to them. You’re making things worse. Emma needs to let him explain.”
“Not tonight she doesn’t. She needs to sleep. Now leave.” She slammed her body against the door and turned the deadbolt.
“Maggie!” He pounded on the door and rattled its knob. When she didn’t answer, he laid on the buzzer.
She dragged a dining room chair over to the doorbell hanging near the ceiling and ripped the wires out of it.
He continued knocking.
“If you don’t go away,” she yelled through the door, “I’m calling the police.”
~*~
A soft tapping on the window prodded Emma awake. “Please,” Alex begged through the glass. “Let me in, Angel. You have to let me tell you what happened. It didn’t mean anything.”
Her throat closed up at the sound of his pleading voice. After the way they’d made love, how could he have done this? She heaved herself off the bed and jerked the blinds up. “Go away,” she said without raising the window. “That picture said it all.”
“Em, it wasn’t the way it looked.”
“Oh, that was some other guy’s penis in Brandy’s mouth?”
“No, I’m not saying that.” He pressed his face to the glass. “Please, Emmy, you have to let me tell you the whole story.”
“I don’t need to hear it. There weren’t any ropes or handcuffs on you. You were in seventh heaven and putting on a show for half the team.”
“In my head, I was in heaven. I was thinking about making love to you the whole time. Between that and the running water, I never heard those guys come into the shower room. Phil set me up and took that picture.”
It didn’t matter how it had happened. She couldn’t live her life worrying about which co-ed was coming on to her husband. “Just go away. I have a pounding headache.”
“Emmy, please. My whole freakin’ life is falling apart. I can’t take it if you don’t forgive me. I’d rather crawl in a hole and die.”
“For how long, Alex? Until the next nympho shakes her inflated boobs at you and offers you a blowjob? Thanks, but no thanks. I’ll take care of my baby alone.” She yanked the blinds back down so she wouldn’t have to look at his face in the moonlight. If she did, she’d never be able to resist letting him in.
A wave of intense nausea swept over her, and everything around her became a blur as she bolted to the bathroom to heave. Oh, dear God. The doctor had made Alex promise to take her to the ER if she developed a headache or felt sick.
Her mother tapped on the door and opened it a crack. “Sweetie? Are you okay?”
“No.” Emma retched over the toilet and slumped to her knees, clutching her right side as a sharp pain stabbed her in the ribs. “I think something’s wrong. I feel awful.” She dragged her hand across her mouth. “Go stop Alex from leaving,” she said, sobbing. “Please. I need him.”
Margie dashed out, then a few moments later, skidded back into the bathroom, gasping for air. “I couldn’t catch him, Em. The Explorer was pulling away when I got outside. What’s Alex’s cell phone number? I’ll tell him to come back.”
“You can’t. I broke his phone last night. Call his house.” Emma lay down and pressed her face to the cool ceramic tile floor. “Hurry, I’m scared.”
~*~
Margie’s hand trembled as she stabbed out 911 and asked for an ambulance before she called Jake’s number. She breathed a sigh of relief at the sound of his voice. “Thank God, you’re there. When Alex gets home tell him to go right to the hospital. Emma’s sick. I think it’s serious.”
“Oh, God, no. I’ll tape a note to the door and meet you at the emergency room.”
A short time later, the paramedics arrived and loaded Emma into the back of their rig. Margie felt completely helpless, holding her daughter’s hand and stroking her hair all the way to the hospital. Blessedly, Paul Brennan had just finished delivering a baby and was waiting in the ER for them when they rolled in her daughter’s stretcher.
By the time the nurse started an IV and the doctor finished examining Emma, Jake arrived at the tiny room the triage nurse had put them in. “What’s wrong?” He panted, his gaze wide with terror.
Dr. Brennan gestured for him to take the other chair in the room. “Emma, the protein level in your urine is +2. It looks as if you’ve developed preeclampsia or what’s commonly called pregnancy induced hypertension.”
Margie glanced up at the numbers lit on the monitor over Emma’s stretcher—172/105. If she remembered correctly, a high reading was anything over 140/90.
The doctor’s mouth tightened as his gaze shifted between Jake and Margie. “There’s a higher risk of this complication in teen pregnancies. We’ll try to bring her blood pressure down with medication.”
“W-what if that doesn’t work?” Emma wrung the sheet in her hands.
“We’re not worrying about that right now. The important thing is for you to relax.”
“But I need to know.” Her whole body trembled as if she were lying on one of those tacky vibrating beds from a fleabag motel. Dr. Brennan stared at the floor a second, his lips pursed. Obviously, he was trying to decide which would cause Emma more stress—worrying about the unknown or hearing the worst-case scenario. He heaved a resigned sigh. “If your pressure goes much higher and the proteinuria worsens, we may have to consider delivering your baby.”
Margie gasped. “But she’s only twenty-two weeks! The baby won’t—” She covered her mouth. Oh, dear God. She couldn’t lose her grandchild, too. How much heartbreak could her daughter take in one night?
“No!” Emma shrieked, backing up on the stretcher. “I won’t let you. It’s too early.”
“Calm down.” Dr. Brennan squeezed Emma’s hand. “That’s not even a consideration right now. We’ll do everything we can to avoid it. Your job is to relax.”
Margie held her daughter’s face between her hands. “Emma, if you don’t, it’ll just make your blood pressure go even higher.” And, if God forbid it did, her daughter could die. Despite the advances of modern medicine, eclampsia was one of the few complications that still cost pregnant women their lives.
The doctor turned to leave, and Jake stopped his neighbor. “Paul, would you make sure Emma gets a private room?”
“Sure.”
“Jake,”—Margie grabbed his arm—“the kids can’t affor—”
“Don’t worry about it. I’m picking up the tab. If she hasn’t got a roommate for you to disturb, they’ll let you stay with Emma.”
Sometimes he could be so thoughtful. And at others….
“I want Alex,” Emma cried. “Where is he?”
Jake pulled out his cell phone and dialed it. A few moments later, he shook his head. “He hasn’t gotten home yet. In my note, I told him to call my cell to let me know he’s on his way. I haven’t heard from him.”
“It’s been over an hour since he left my condo.” Margie frowned. “Where would he have gone at eleven-thirty at night?”
“Maybe he went for a drive to sort things out.”
“Or he went to pay Brandy a visit,” Emma echoed Margie’s thoughts. Her face twisted in grief as tears streamed down her cheeks.
Jake pulled his chair to the head of the stretcher and took Emma’s hand. “Em, my son loves you very much.”
“If that’s the case, how could he let that—” She squeezed her eyes shut and shook her head. “I can’t even say it.”
“I don’t know if you noticed it, but in that picture, Alex had a couple of butterfly strips on his forehead.”
“So what?” She wiped her eyes.
“That means the picture must’ve been taken at the beginning of October after his chair broke in homeroom. It proves what happened in the locker room was right after he met you. He wasn’t in love with you yet, Emma.”
Margie wanted to tell him to leave her daughter alone, but she kept silent. He was distracting Emma and, oddly enough, having a soothing effect on her. Even though Margie couldn’t trust Jake with her heart, the man practically had his doctorate as a clinical psychologist and knew a lot better than she did what her daughter needed to hear. It was just a shame he hadn’t noticed how troubled his own child was.
“So you’re saying Alex wasn’t in love with me when he let Brandy do that? He was telling the truth when he said it didn’t mean anything to him?”
He stroked the back of Emma’s hand. “That’s precisely what I’m saying. My son assured me Brandy came on to him while he was showering. I’m not excusing what he did. It was wrong no matter how you slice it. But his heart wasn’t committed to you at that point.”
Emma stared down at the sheet and sniffled. “Do you think he would ever do something like that again?”
“No, Em, I don’t. You married a very honorable guy. If you’d seen the way he humiliated himself for me tonight, you would’ve been as proud of him as I was. And there wouldn’t be a doubt in your mind about his feelings for you.”
The nurse bustled in to check on the IV, and Emma’s lower lip quivered. The dam burst inside her as she flung herself at Jake and sobbed into his shoulder. “I don’t want our baby to die.”
He rocked her and stared over her head at Margie, his eyes turning glassy. “I know. I don’t want to lose my grandchild, either.” Or my child, his watery gaze added in an unspoken message. “Let’s think positively, okay, Princess?”
Margie stiffened at his endearment for her daughter.
“My dad used to call me that.” Emma sniffled and dried her eyes with the sheet.
He stepped back, and the tension in his jaw said he was afraid he’d just destroyed any headway he’d made in his relationship with Emma. “I guess that’s because we could both see how special you are.”
“Dad?” She hiccupped and grabbed his hand. “Would you please do something for me?”
Margie’s eyes swam with tears when Jake’s face lit up as if Emma had given him a precious gift.
“Anything, Em,” he choked out.
“Find Alex and tell him I need him,” she begged.
Nodding, he reached over and cupped Margie’s chin in his hand. “Will you be all right?”
Margie squeezed her eyes shut. “Yes. I’ll take care of Emma. Go find Alex for her.” As he turned to leave, she called to him, “And Jake?”
He froze in his tracks. “Yeah?”
“Your son has other problems besides this.”
“Like what?”
“Oh, no.” She raised her hands. “That’s something you need to discuss with him. He told me he’s been trying to talk to you, but you’ve been distracted.”
“Gee.” He snorted. “I wonder what I could’ve had on my mind?”
 
 
 
Chapter 18

Alex had been driving aimlessly around town for forty-five minutes while he did something he hadn’t done since his mother left seven years ago. He bawled like a baby.
Of course, never in the last seven years had his life been so deep in the crapper. If he had a fake ID, he’d buy a cold six-pack and get wasted. After all, if his dad couldn’t find the time to talk to him, why should Alex give a shit about his father’s feelings toward underage drinking?
He grabbed a leftover napkin he’d stuffed in the SUV’s center console to dry his eyes and wipe the snot from his nose. After several minutes of deep breathing to compose himself, he spun the Explorer into the 7-Eleven parking lot.
Inside the convenience store, he filled a large cup with a Slurpee and stopped short at the counter, staring at the zit-faced clerk behind the register. When did that dickhead get a job here?
“Have a nice evening at the board meeting, Alex?” Phil Carmichael snickered.
“As a matter of fact, yeah. Obviously, you haven’t heard the outcome. My dad still has his job. And needless to say, your old man won’t be presiding over the board much longer.”
Phil’s ruddy complexion paled two shades.
“What I’d be interested to know”—Alex paused to sip his drink—“is why you waited all this time to try to fuck my dad and me with that picture?”
The jerk had taken the photo way back in October and could’ve used it at any time to blackmail Alex into faking an injury to give Phil more game time.
Pain flickered in Carmichael’s eyes as he stared at Alex for several seconds before he finally answered, “Because even though we might’ve always hassled each other, I thought we were friends. But you proved we weren’t when you invited everyone except me to your wedding.”
“No, you proved that yourself, Pal.” Alex tossed the money for his drink on the counter and headed for the door. “A real friend never would’ve set me up that day in the field house.”
“Yeah, and a real friend wouldn’t have let his daddy steal game time from his teammate just so he could get a full ride at Penn State,” Phil called after him. “I can’t wait to see you fall on your face when you have some real competition, Manion.”
“You and a million other people,” Alex muttered, dragging his feet back to the SUV and climbing into it. He slammed the door of the vehicle. Telling Phil off should’ve made him feel better, but it hadn’t. All at once, he had a good understanding of how his mother felt when she overdosed on the sleeping pills. He couldn’t bear to disappoint his dad. And more importantly, he didn’t want to live without Em and his baby.
~*~
Jake stopped at home to make sure his son hadn’t returned and somehow missed seeing the note. He didn’t have the vaguest idea of where to begin looking for him. He started by driving past each of Alex’s friend’s houses to look for the Explorer, and when that proved fruitless, he cruised by every 24-hour business.
Even though the evening had turned into a nightmare, he took comfort, knowing Maggie was with him through it all. When he’d been forced to publicly admit she’d terminated her pregnancy, for the first time, he’d simply felt a deep sorrow rather than angry and bitter. Could it be he’d finally managed to forgive Maggie for the past? If he couldn’t, he didn’t have a prayer of a future with her. Maybe the events of the evening would convince her to have his baby this time.
At one a.m. he called John Gilbert, Redemption’s police chief and one of the booster club’s biggest contributors. 
“John, it’s Jake Manion,” he said after John answered. “I’m sorry to call at this hour, but I could use your help.”
“What do you need, Jake?” The man yawned in his ear, making Jake feel even guiltier. 
He explained what had transpired that evening and finished by saying, “I know it’s too early to file an official missing person report, but I’m worried about Alex. I’m hoping you could ask your patrol officers to keep an eye out for my son’s Explorer.”
“Sure thing. I’ll call headquarters right away and issue a BOLO. If we find Alex, I’ll call you.”
“Thanks. I owe you.” 
Jake continued circling the town, calling the hospital every hour to get an update on Emma’s condition and check if his son had shown up. At four-thirty in the morning, Emma’s blood pressure was still dangerously high.
When Jake still hadn’t found Alex by five, an icy tingle of fear crept down his back. What if his son wasn’t simply brooding somewhere? Jake made one more trip through the business district, praying nothing had happened to his child. If only Maggie had told him what was bothering his son, Jake might have some idea where he went.
Earlier that evening, Alex had mentioned he needed to talk. But all Jake had been able to think about was the situation with Maggie.
While cruising through the high school parking lot for the third time, he noticed a vehicle’s bumper sticking out from behind the field house and stomped on the brakes. Why hadn’t he thought to look back here? He parked behind the Explorer and peeked inside.
No Alex.
Jake broke into a full run to scour the school grounds. Passing the stadium’s gates, he glanced up and spotted the silhouette of a lone figure sitting at the top of the bleachers, backlit by the predawn sky’s soft glow.
Jake blew out a relieved breath and loped across the field toward the stands, trying to think of the best way to tell Alex about the trouble Emma was having.
His son sat hunched over, holding his head between his hands, resting his elbows on his knees. On spotting Jake climbing the bleachers, he straightened up.
“I’ve been searching for you all night, Sport,” Jake said, using Alex’s childhood nickname. “What the hell are you doing here?”
“I’m sorry. I’ve been running laps around the track. I would’ve called, except my phone is broken.”
“I know. Emma told me.” Sinking next to his son, Jake’s throat closed up as he rasped, “There’s no way for me to prepare you for this—”
“What?” Alex’s head snapped up. “Is it something to do with Em?”
“She’s in the hospital. Dr. Brennan says she’s developed something called pregnancy induced hypertension. He’s giving her some medication to try to bring down her blood pressure.”
Alex opened his mouth and nothing came out for a second. He shook his head and buried his face in Jake’s shoulder. “God, no. I read about that on the Internet.”
When he jumped up and scrambled down the bleachers, Jake sprinted after his son as he dashed across the field. Once they reached the Explorer, Alex wiped his eyes, and his chest shuddered. “First she found out about what happened with Brandy, and now this. I should’ve been there. She told me she had a headache. I thought it was just from being upset.”
“That probably didn’t help.”
Leaning against the fender, Alex covered his face with his hands. “This is all my fault, Dad. The other night, I swore on our baby’s life I wasn’t interested in Brandy. I don’t blame Em if she never forgives me. She must hate me.”
Jake held his son. He hadn’t seen Alex cry like this since he was a little boy. “She doesn’t hate you. She’s just very hurt.” Jake opened the passenger door to the Aston Martin. “Get in. You’re in no condition to drive.”
As if he were in any better shape, knowing Maggie had the legal right to choose to abort his baby. But, at least, he still had the chance to influence her decision. His grandchild’s fate was beyond anyone’s control.
~*~
Alex stared out the window, silently bargaining with God all the way to the hospital. Emma didn’t know it, but he’d taken Maggie’s suggestion the previous night. He’d gotten up after his wife fell asleep and spent three hours surfing the web for sites about pregnancy.
One thing that stood out in his memory was a woman with Emma’s condition could go into convulsions and die. And she wouldn’t be safe until after the baby was delivered. He couldn’t take it if anything happened to her.
Shortly before six o’clock, they crept into Emma’s hospital room and found her asleep and her mom snoozing in the chair next to her. He studied the monitor over the bed. His wife’s blood pressure at her first doctor’s visit had only been 110/72—a long way from 165/100.
“I have to talk to the doctor.” Alex spun on his heel and dashed out to the nurse’s station.
“I’m sorry, Dr. Brennan left,” The nurse told him after he asked to speak to him.
“What do you mean he left? My wife is—”  Alex swallowed back the panic rising in his throat. “He’s gotta deliver the baby.”
“Mr. Manion, calm down. We’re monitoring your wife’s condition very closely. If her pressure goes up, the doctor will be called.”
He sagged against the counter. “God, I can’t lose her.”
“Hey, Sport,” his father called softly behind him. “Emma’s asking for you.”
He shoved past Jake and sprinted back to her hospital room. She looked so small and terrified.
“Angel?” he asked, uncertain if she would speak to him. “I’m so sorry I wasn’t here.”
“Oh, Alex,” she sobbed and threw herself against him as he reached for her. “I’m so scared.”
Scared was an understatement. “Me, too. I want the doctor to deliver the baby.”
“No!” she shoved him away. “I’m not letting anyone touch our child.”
“But you could die instead.”
“I’ll take that chance. She needs more time. If she’s born now, she’ll definitely die.”
“She?”
Emma nodded. “Dr. Brennan did an ultrasound. He’s fairly sure our baby’s a girl.”
An awe-filled breath seeped out of him as he splayed his hand over her rounded stomach. His daughter, his little girl. “But, Emmy,”—he pressed his face to her belly—“I can’t take it if anything happens to you.”
His chest hitched as he felt a little poke at his cheek beneath her hospital gown. He jerked back and stared at Emma. “Was that—oh, my gosh. She actually kicked me.”
“That’s because her daddy’s goin’ off the deep end,” Jake said, leaning one shoulder against the doorjamb. “Relax, Alex. Dr. Brennan believes everything will be all right.”
“So I suggest you stop upsetting my daughter so her blood pressure has a chance to come down,” Emma’s mother added from the chair in the corner.
Maggie was right. He should be helping Emma relax. Alex stroked her dark head. “Angel, I love you. What happened in the locker room was—”
She pressed her fingers over his lips, smothering his words. “Trust me, that particular subject will not lower my blood pressure.”
He heaved a resigned sigh, stretched out on the bed next to Emma, and pulled her close. “Okay. We’ll talk when you’re better. You need to sleep now and let the medicine work.”
~*~
A shaft of sunlight shone in the hospital room window and speared Jake in the eye. He stretched in the uncomfortable chair and groaned from the pain in his back. He glanced up at the blood pressure monitor over Emma’s bed. 145/92. Thank God. Her pressure was still pretty high, but it had dropped substantially. Either the medication was working, or sleeping with Alex tangled around her like a kudzu vine had relaxed her.
Jake stood and gently shook Maggie’s shoulder. Her lashes fluttered up, and she stared at him, looking dazed.
Holding his index finger to his lips, he nodded toward the monitor and their sleeping kids. It was hard to tell where one of them began and the other left off.
“Thank God,” she whispered when she saw the numbers on the display.
“It looks like she’s out of danger for now. Let me take you home. You’re exhausted.”
Silently, she let him lead her out of the hospital to his car. They didn’t say a word until they’d been on the road for several minutes. Finally, he looked over at her. “Tough night, huh?”
She nodded. “Were you telling Emma the truth about when that picture was taken?”
“Absolutely. I’m not condoning what my son did, but I hope you won’t hold it against him.”
“I don’t. But it doesn’t mean I trust him.”
“Maggie, you know men and women are wired differently when it comes to sex and love. A guy’s hormones put his body and heart at cross purposes. It’s a tough thing for a kid Alex’s age.”
“It certainly sounds as if you’re making excuses for him.”
“I’m not. I’m just trying to explain that guys show their feelings through chivalry and romance. Sex isn’t how a man expresses love—it’s how he receives it.”
“So in other words, they can fool around without it meaning anything.”
“Basically, yes. Women are the ones who tend to attach love to physical intimacy. But what you don’t get is, even though fidelity might not come naturally to men, once a guy is emotionally committed, the last thing he wants is to hurt the woman he cares for. Alex is crazy about Emma.”
“So you think they’ll be okay even if, God forbid, they lose the baby?”
“That’s a tough call. Tragedy can tear apart even the strongest relationship.” He reached over and squeezed her hand. “But worrying won’t change anything.”
“I wish I was just worried. I’m actually feeling a little guilty.”
“About what?” He braked for a traffic signal and stroked her hair. “I hope you don’t think you could’ve kept this from happening.”
“No, I’m not blaming myself. It’s just that, as much as losing my grandchild would hurt terribly, I can’t help thinking it might be best for Emma and Alex in the long run.”
“That’s normal. Don’t think the thought hasn’t crossed my mind, too.”
“That wasn’t what made me feel so guilty.” She stared down at her lap, unable to look at him while she made her confession. “After shutting my mother out of my life for so long, seeing things through her eyes is very painful.”
Jake nodded. He could just imagine. “I’m feeling guilty for a completely different reason.” He chewed on the inside of his lip. “You see, I spent the night hoping maybe something good would come out of this awful night, and you’d forget about having an abortion.”
“What?” She turned in her seat and stared at him. “How could you even suggest I’d do such a thing?”
“How?” He did a double take. “You told me in the mall there wouldn’t be a baby in a few weeks. Besides, don’t you think your past performance speaks for itself?”
“My past perform—”  Her jaw snapped shut, and she gazed at him in silence.
“Maggie.” He sighed as the light turned green and he accelerated through the intersection. “I realized tonight we can never have a future together until I let go of the past. I sometimes think I’ve been nurturing my bitterness all these years to punish myself for wanting you. I’m done with that. I forgive you, Rosebud.”
“You forgive me? For what?”
“For denying me my child.”
“Jake, how can you still blame me after I explained everything in the letter?”
Letter? He wrinkled his forehead. “What letter?”
“The one I sent you nineteen years ago—after the abortion.”
“I never got a letter from you.”
“You had to have. I certified it and got the green postcard back with your signature.”
“That’s impossible. I never received it.”
“So you think I chose to terminate my pregnancy?”
“Well, didn’t you? I understand your mother pressured you into it. But all you had to do was call me. I would have come for you.”
“My mother didn’t pressure me, Jake. She blackmailed me.”
The bitter taste of dread filled his mouth. “What do you mean she blackmailed you?”
“When I got home from school that Monday, there was a lawyer friend of my mother’s sitting in our kitchen. He explained that, since you were five and a half years older, you could be charged with a felony and sentenced to up to a year in prison for statutory rape.”
Oh, God. Maggie had terminated her pregnancy to save his sorry ass?
“My mother gave me an ultimatum. I had to agree to an abortion, or she would have you thrown in jail and kick me out. Don’t you see, if you were sitting in prison, I couldn’t have taken care of our baby on the streets.”
“Maggie, didn’t it occur to you she was bluffing?”
“Yes, but I was scared, and I couldn’t take the chance she wasn’t. I was only eighteen. The lawyer intimidated me, describing what happens to inmates convicted of sex crimes, and then he pointed out that just the publicity of having criminal charges filed against you would ruin your career.”
He was confident Maggie’s mother would’ve backed down at the last minute rather than see her grandchild’s father go to jail. Then again, if she’d carried her bluff into the criminal court system, she wouldn’t have had any say. His fate would’ve been completely in the DA’s hands.
While doing research for his dissertation, Jake had learned that California prosecutors had cracked down on statutory rape since the state had the highest teen birthrate in the country. According to one report, almost seventy percent of those babies in California were fathered by adults.
He swung the Aston Martin into a parking space in front of Maggie’s condo and stared out the windshield, his stomach threatening to revolt. His baby had been sacrificed for him.
“I didn’t want to do it, Jake. It went completely against everything I believe. You have no idea the kind of guilt I’ve lived with.”
“You’d be surprised by how much I understand. I’m a psychologist, remember?” In his clinical training, he’d worked with a number of teen girls eaten up by remorse and suffering from post-traumatic stress after aborting their babies. “That kind of regret isn’t an easy thing to deal with—especially when it goes against your beliefs.”
“I should’ve had the courage to stand up to my mother and face whatever happened. But I knew if I let her destroy your life and career, you would’ve hated me.”
Ironically enough, that’s exactly how he’d ended up feeling anyway. He’d spent nineteen years blaming Maggie for something she would’ve given anything not to do.
“Please don’t blame yourself, Rosebud. You were just a kid who was ill equipped to deal with that kind of fear and pressure. He leaned his forearms on the steering wheel and rested his head on them. “I’m so sorry. I had no idea it wasn’t your choice. I wish you had told me this the night your mother called me.”
“I tried to.” Maggie rested her hand on the nape of his neck. “I was so upset and groggy from the sedative the doctor had given me I didn’t realize you’d gotten the wrong impression until after you’d hung up. I planned to call you back in the morning and explain after my head was clearer. But by the time I woke up, my mom had thrown out your phone number and the garbage truck was just pulling away from my house.”
He closed his eyes. “She knew it was unlisted?”
“I don’t know. Maybe not. But at the time, I believed she did. So I wrote you that letter explaining it all and telling you I still wanted to marry you. After I got the postcard back and didn’t hear from you, I left home. I couldn’t live with my mother after what she’d done. Since I found out I’m going to be a grandmother, I’ve begun to realize how unfair I’ve been to my mom.”
Apparently she had been harboring the same kind of bitterness toward Katherine that he’d carried for Maggie all these years.
He straightened up and turned to gaze into her eyes. “I know what your mother did was inexcusable, but you need to forgive her, if only for your own peace and happiness. Regardless of how wrong it was, I’m sure Katherine believed she was doing the right thing for you. In her own sick way, she loved you.”
Pulling Maggie to his chest, he buried his face in her hair. “It’s all ancient history. Something we’re better off forgetting. So please, just marry me now and have my baby.”
She shoved him away and opened the car door. “No. The reason I told you there wouldn’t be a baby by next week is because I’ll probably miscarry.”
“Why would you assume that?”
“Because Dan and I were very lucky to have Emma. I’ve been pregnant numerous times, four that I’m sure of, since she was born. I lost every baby. The doctor said it was possible there was some genetic abnormality.”
When she slammed the sports car’s door and strode toward her porch, he scrambled out of the car and raced after her. “Maggie, I want to marry you regardless. Maybe we’ll have a perfectly healthy baby.”
“Absolutely not.” She unlocked the door and opened it. “I’m not stupid enough to agree to a loveless marriage again simply because I’m pregnant. Be honest. If Alex hadn’t been in love, would you have wanted him to marry Emma just because she was having his child?”
Jake didn’t need to be hit over the head. She couldn’t have said any plainer she didn’t love him.
Except—when they made love, the look in her eyes and her touch said she did.
Damn it. Maybe everything he’d said about male and females’ expressions of love was pure crap. Apparently, the intimacy they’d shared must have been meaningless sex for Maggie.
Pursing his lips, he shook his head. “No, if my son hadn’t loved your daughter, I would’ve moved heaven and earth to keep him from marrying her.”
“There you go.” She stepped inside the doorway. “If a miracle happens and I manage to carry this baby to term, I’ll raise it by myself.”
“Like hell! That baby is just as much mine as it is yours.”
“Considering the probable outcome, this is a pointless discussion. Now, if you don’t mind, I’m tired, and I feel sick. I’m going to bed.”
He could sleep for a year. “If you let me come to bed and hold you,” he said, lifting his eyebrows in a hopeful arch, “we’ll both sleep a lot better.”
The door slammed in his face.
Way to go, Ass. Maybe if he’d offered her a backrub....
~*~
The phone’s call light flashed at Margie after she let herself into the house. She pressed the play button and the computerized voice told her she had one message.
“Hey, Margie, it’s Louise. I hope the dust has finally settled after what happened at the board meeting. Your son-in-law was quite eloquent in his defense of his dad. I just wanted to let you know I presented your funding request to the board for the parents’ book club.
Bless, Louise. Margie figured after she’d run out of the meeting with Emma, her mission would have a major setback.
“Naturally that jerk, Carmichael, tried to shoot it down. But after making such a fool of himself  trying to ruin Jake, the rest of the board was determined to do the opposite of anything the idiot recommended. So you have your book club. Now all we need are some eager parents. Talk to you later this week.”
At least something had gone right. Margie heaved a satisfied sigh as she crawled into bed fully clothed. She was too tired to even undress.
Despite her exhaustion, ten minutes later she was still tossing and turning, repeatedly fluffing her pillow while she mentally replayed everything Jake had said that evening. After hearing him explain men’s ability to disassociate love from sex, she could almost feel sorry for them. But not quite. It sounded too much like justification for sleeping with her when he still cared for Roxanne.
As for Katherine doing what she thought was best—in her heart, Margie knew he was right. Her mother had known Jake didn’t love Margie, and Katherine had done exactly what he said he would’ve in the same situation. Katherine had moved heaven and earth to try to keep Margie from ruining her life.
He’d once said perfect parents didn’t exist. In the last month, Emma had revealed plenty she would’ve improved on in Margie. She’d made it clear she thought Margie should’ve shown more backbone with Dan. Her daughter would’ve been thrilled if Margie had put up a fight about moving every few years. Not to mention, Emma resented not knowing her grandmother—a woman who’d had a lot more spine than Margie ever had.
If nothing else, her mother had been a woman of conviction.
Emma had always been a lot like Margie. It’d only been since Jake had been in her daughter’s life that the child had begun to show some spunk—like her grandma.
Margie smiled, remembering how adamant Emma was about saving her baby even if it cost her life. Her daughter was far stronger and more self-possessed than she’d been at her age. Her little girl was going to do all right, no matter what life handed her.
For nineteen years, Margie had been punishing her mother, telling herself that, since Katherine hadn’t wanted her first grandchild, she didn’t deserve a relationship with Emma, either. She’d insisted a good mother couldn’t treat her child the way Katherine had treated her.
But what was her mother really guilty of? Worrying when Margie was sick? Working extra shifts as a nurse to put a roof over her child’s head? Wanting her daughter to have the successful career as a doctor that Katherine regretted not having herself? And when Margie was in trouble and her future happiness was in jeopardy—loving her enough to hurt her?
Jake was right. She’d never be at peace if she didn’t let her bitterness go as well as her guilt. All these years, she’d been directing her resentment at her mom, when deep down, she’d been beating herself up for not standing up to Katherine and for not having more courage and self-confidence. It wasn’t her mom Margie was so pissed off at. It was herself.
As for her notion of what a good mother would do, she couldn’t claim to be blameless. She’d simply made different mistakes than Katherine had.
What about being a good daughter? A good daughter would forgive her mother for doing what she thought was best for her child. And a good daughter wouldn’t waste another moment before asking her mother to be a part of her life again.
She rolled over and dragged the phone off the night table and dialed the phone number Barbara had insisted on putting in her directory. Margie nearly hung up, but her mother’s voice stopped her. She sounded....old.
“Mom?” she choked out. “It’s Margie.”
“Margaret?” Katherine gasped. “Oh, my goodness.”
“Nobody calls me Margaret nowadays,” Margie explained. In fact, she didn’t even feel like Margie any longer.
Deep down, she’d loved the nickname Jake had given her nineteen years ago and had forsaken it the day he’d rejected her to marry Roxanne. If she really wanted to let go of her bitterness, she needed to reclaim the name her resentment had compelled her to discard.
“Please—call me Maggie instead.”
“Okay.” Katherine sniffled. “Maggie. You don’t know how I’ve prayed one day you would call.”
“A lot’s happened in my life recently that’s made me think about our relationship.”
“I know. Aunt Dorothy told me about Emma and showed me the wedding pictures you sent to her. She’s beautiful.”
Maggie squashed the urge to tell her mother her granddaughter was no more beautiful than Jake’s baby would’ve been. She was forgiving her mom and letting go of the past.
“I suppose she also told you who Em’s father-in-law is?”
“Yes,” Katherine admitted, a chill creeping into her voice.
“You may still bear a grudge against Jake, Mom.” Probably because he was one of the few people who’d ever stood up to Katherine. “But you should know he’s the one who convinced me I was wrong to cut you out of my life. I’m sorry.”
“No, Sweetheart, I’m the one who needs forgiving. I had no right to make the decision for you that I did. And I guess I owe Jake an apology as well.”
“Regardless, it still wasn’t fair to deny my daughter the chance to know her grandma. I’d like to change that. I’d love for you to visit us.”
“Thank you. I don’t know if I deserve a second chance, but I would love to put the past behind us.”
So would she. Just as long as her mother didn’t screech with laughter when and if Maggie had to confess she’d stupidly let Jake get her pregnant—again.
 

 
Chapter 19

Much to Alex’s distress, Emma was released from the hospital on Saturday morning and sentenced to partial bed rest until further notice—meaning her feet were only allowed to touch the floor while she ate her meals and showered.
During the drive home, every time she so much as sighed, fear paralyzed his chest, and he had to fight the temptation to turn the Explorer right back toward the hospital.
Shortly after they arrived home, his mother-in-law showed up and fussed over Emma all afternoon. She took her blood pressure every two hours in between helping his dad proofread the introduction to his dissertation and cooking dinner for them all.
Alex camped out on the family room sofa in front of the television and held Emma, watching her as if she might self-destruct if he took his eyes off her. He just wanted everyone to go away, so he could punch something and relieve some of the tension cramping his shoulders.
By eight o’clock that evening, he’d finally had enough and flipped off the remote. “Mom, I appreciate all your TLC, but Em and I need some time alone. We’re gonna say goodnight.”
“Don’t apologize. I should get going anyway.” Maggie headed for the door as if she had a demon chasing her.
Jake grabbed her hand. “Come for breakfast tomorrow, and you and I can go to church together afterward.”
“I don’t think that’s such a good idea.”
“Your daughter needs you right now.” He smiled at Emma with a pleading look in his eyes. “Don’t you, Em?”
Emma’s gaze bounced between them. “Yes, Dad, Alex and I need both of you.”
Maggie sighed and pressed a kiss to Emma’s forehead. “Okay, I’ll be here at eight.”
Alex led Emma to their room, closed the door, and sank onto the bed with her. “I guess, since you went along with my dad’s emotional blackmail, you’re okay with him getting involved with your mom.”
“I guess.” She shrugged. “I think he really loves my mother, and I realized he cares a lot about me, too.”
He nodded and bit his lip. The only thing they’d talked about for two days was their baby. He needed to hear Emma say she’d forgiven him. “Angel, what about us?”
“What do you mean? What about us?”
“Do you still want to stay married to me?”
Her lower lip trembled. “You don’t want me to?”
“No! I mean, yes, I want you to. I don’t ever want you to leave me. I just don’t know if you can forgive me.”
She scooted into his lap and wound her arms around his neck. “I already have, Alex. Your dad helped me see you weren’t in love with me when Brandy pushed herself on you. I just don’t understand why you didn’t tell me what she did.”
“Because I was afraid you’d think I wanted her. I didn’t—don’t. I swear. I need you to believe me when I tell you I love you—and only you.”
“That’s hard sometimes, Alex. You could have any girl you want. I’m always amazed you chose me.”
“But I feel the same way about you. You’re the only girl I ever met who didn’t care my last name is Manion or that I was the school’s quarterback and had a hot car. No other girl ever listened to me the way you do.” He crushed her mouth under his.
She slid off him onto the mattress and unzipped his fly. “I probably shouldn’t have sex until after I ask Dr. Brennan about it, but I don’t think doing it with my mouth could hurt anything.”
God forgive him, he’d love to let her. But he didn’t want Emma to ever think what they did in bed would impact his love for her. “No, Em,” he whispered. “All I want is for you to let me undress you and hold you.” 
She smiled and flipped off the light. “I love you, Alex.”
“Angel?” He pulled her blouse over her head in the dark and unhooked her bra. “When are you going to finally let me see you naked?”
“Umm—maybe when your body isn’t more beautiful than mine.”
“Em.”
“Alex, you don’t understand. My breasts aren’t....”
“Aren’t what?”
“Normal. They’re—uhh....different sizes.”
That’s what all her shyness was about?
“So? You don’t think I know that? It’s one of the things I love about you. You’re like a variety pack.”
“Gee, thanks.”
“You don’t get it, Angel.” He laughed and licked her nipple. “Most guys need two women to get the kind of choice I have with you. When I want just a mouthful, I simply play to the right. When I’m in the mood for a handful, I go to the left. I consider myself a very lucky man.”
She tickled him in the rib. “And that’s why I love you.”
~*~
The next morning, Jake let Maggie in the front door and turned on the electric griddle. “Would you mind fixing a pot of coffee while I finish whipping up the pancake batter?”
The kids shuffled into the kitchen, wearing their bathrobes. Despite Alex’s serious case of bed-head, he looked as if he hadn’t slept in weeks. He pointed at the griddle. “What’s with the pancakes? I certainly haven’t done anything to deserve them.”
“Who says you’re getting any.” Jake chuckled. “You can watch Maggie and Emma eat them all.” He lifted his hands in apology. “Actually, I’m doing penance for letting you down the last couple of weeks. Maggie told me the other night that you’ve been trying to talk to me, and I’ve been too distracted to listen.”
Maggie raised her eyebrows. “Your father’s all ears now, Alex, and so is your wife.”
Alex twisted his mouth a moment and dropped onto the stool at the breakfast bar next to Emma. “I’ve been trying to find a way to tell you....” He squeezed his eyes shut. “I don’t want to disappoint you, Dad.”
“You’ve never been a disappointment to me before, and I seriously doubt you could do anything to become one.”
“What if I quit playing football?”
Jake stared at his son a full half-minute. Why would he want to give up everything he’d worked so hard to achieve? “That depends on why you want to quit. If it’s because you don’t like the game, then I will be disappointed in you. Very.”
Maggie’s mouth dropped open. “Jake!”
He held up his hand. “Because if that’s the case, it means you haven’t been honest with me the last seven years. I’ve never wanted you to play ball unless it was what you wanted.”
Alex stared at the floor. “It was.”
“So then what’s the reason?” Jake poured six round pools of batter onto the griddle.
“I guess it stopped being fun this year when all the colleges started calling. Then I got that letter from the coach at Penn State, telling me how excited the other players were that Rocket Manion’s son would be joining their team.”
“And that’s intimidating you?”
“The whole world’s watching me, waiting to see if I can compare to you. We all know I can’t. My stats aren’t nearly as good as yours were in high school.”
Emma put her arms around him. “Alex, you’re just scared.”
“You’re damn straight I am. My dad’s fans can’t wait to see me fall on my face and make a fool of myself.”
Jake closed his eyes. He’d thought he’d been doing right by his kid in not comparing Alex to himself or telling his son how much better he was than Jake had been. He hadn’t wanted to give his son a swelled head. All he’d accomplished was to make the kid doubt himself and his ability.
Jake gazed at his son and saw the scared little boy he’d carried on his shoulders to kindergarten reflected in his eyes. “Tell me something,” he rasped past the walnut-sized lump of emotion clogging his throat. “If you turned out to be twice the football player I was, would it take anything away from my accomplishments?”
“No.”
“You have to play ball for yourself, Sport. All the coaches have a right to expect is that you give it your all and be the best that you can be.”
Alex smiled. “You sound like an Army recruitment ad.”
Jake chuckled and put his hand on his son’s shoulder. “I’m going to tell you a secret that, in hindsight, I should’ve let you in on a long time ago. You’re better than I was at your age.”
“Yeah, right.” Alex sputtered. “Numbers don’t lie, Dad.”
“The ones you’re referring to do. You know football’s a team sport, and your performance is affected by the guys playing with you. When you talk about the percentage of completed passes, you have another person at the other end of that ball.”
Jake stepped over to the griddle and flipped the pancakes. “I played on a championship team that had two other players besides me eventually go pro—and one of them was a receiver.”
Maggie ruffled Alex’s hair. “You should listen to your dad. I’m sure he knows a lot better than you do how your numbers stack up against his.”
“That’s right, Alex, and you come out on top all the way around,” Jake told him. “You’ve been living and breathing football since you were born. You can run the hundred faster than I could at your age, and you can throw a ball farther and more accurately.”
His son waved at him. “You’re making that up. You can hit an upright ten yards farther away from where I can.”
“After five years in college and six seasons in the pros, I would hope so. Come on. You can’t be that naïve. Do you think you’re as good as you’re ever going to be, right now?”
His son just shrugged.
“Lying to you serves no purpose for me because I don’t give a rat’s ass whether you play ball or not. All I want is for you to be happy.” Jake transferred the pancakes to two plates and slid them across the breakfast bar to Alex and Emma. “Become a hairdresser for all I care. I just want you to be the best damn hairdresser you can be.”
Emma wiggled onto Alex’s lap and slid her arms around his neck. “I don’t care what you do, either. I didn’t fall in love with a quarterback, Alex. I fell in love with the guy that was nice enough to ask me to lunch.”
“Uhh—there’s something you ought to know about that.” Alex smirked. “My dad bribed me with pancakes to be nice to you. Meeting you in his classroom that day was a setup. I didn’t really need lunch money.”
She peered into his face. “Are you telling me you didn’t want to eat with me?”
“Not before I met you. But after you smiled at me, eating lunch was the furthest thing from my mind.” Alex pulled Emma’s mouth to his in a lingering kiss.
“Son?” Jake cleared his throat. “Now that you have my attention, could we focus on the issue at hand?”
“What do you want to do?” Maggie asked. “Are you leaving for school in August to train or are you waiting for the semester to start?”
Alex glanced at Emma. “Do you think Em should be that far away from Dr. Brennan?”
This from the kid who didn’t want the handsome doctor touching his wife.
“They have hospitals and doctors near the college if I have any more problems,” Emma reminded him.
“And if she does,” Maggie added, “I’ll request a leave of absence when school starts and come take care of her.”
Alex uncapped the maple syrup and shrugged. “Then I guess I owe it to myself to see if I’m as good as my dad says I am.”
“I’m glad.” Maggie smiled. “From what Simon tells me, you’re very talented.” All at once, she turned a sickly color and clapped her hand over her mouth. “Oh, no.” She dashed for the powder room.
Alex squinted at Jake, chuckling. “Is there something the two of you aren’t telling us?”
The kid was obviously trying to be funny and had no idea he’d stumbled onto the truth.
Jake leaned on the counter and held his head between his hands. Things would be a lot simpler if he could laugh it off as a bad joke. But the kids had a right to know what was going on. “I—uhh….” There was no graceful way out of confessing. “It seems I got Maggie pregnant the night of your wedding.”
A forkful of pancakes froze halfway to his son’s mouth, and he snorted in disbelief. “Damn, Dad. I was just joking. How could you, of all people, let something like that happen?”
“Look, Alex, I don’t need your outrage or your sarcasm. I know what I did was irresponsible. Even more reckless than the first time. We had a little too much to drink after the wedding.” Jake poured another set of hotcakes onto the griddle. “If you want to know the truth, I think subconsciously I wanted it to happen—to get back the baby I felt I’d been cheated out of.”
Emma sucked her lower lip between her teeth. “You’re going to marry my mom, aren’t you?”
“I want to, but she’s less than enthusiastic about the idea. She’s planning on raising the baby by herself.”
Maggie stormed back into the kitchen. “How dare you tell them about my pregnancy! The last thing my daughter needs to hear right now is that her mother’s having a baby.”
“He didn’t tell us,” Alex said. “I accidentally guessed.”
“It’s okay, Mommy.” Emma slid off her seat and hugged her. “It’ll be nice for our daughter to have another baby in the family to play with.”
“I didn’t see any point in telling you. I’ll probably miscarry like I have all the other times. You shouldn’t have to deal with that right now.”
“Don’t you think there’s a chance it was daddy’s genes that caused the problem?”
The wrinkle in Maggie’s brow suggested she hadn’t considered that possibility.
Emma climbed back on her stool at the counter. “How far along were you when you decided to have the abortion?”
“Your mother didn’t choose that,” Jake interjected. “Your grandmoth—”
“Jake.” Maggie cut him off. “My daughter doesn’t need to hear all the grisly details.”
“You’d prefer to let her think you—”
“Yes. I’m not going to prejudice my child toward my mother. I called her, and I’ve forgiven her.”
Emma’s head snapped up. “You did?”
Maggie nodded. “Your grandma’s flying here next week. She can’t wait to meet you.”
Jake stroked her cheek with his knuckle. “I’m glad, Rosebud.” He transferred half the pancakes from the griddle to a dish for Maggie and refilled his son’s already empty plate. Turning to Emma, he smiled. “To answer your question, your mom carried our first baby five and a half weeks.”
“In other words,”—Maggie held her hand over her abdomen—“this is still a maybe-baby.”
“Well, if you don’t miscarry, aren’t you going to marry Alex’s dad?”
Maggie ignored Emma’s question and shoved the plate of pancakes back across the counter at Jake. “Coming for breakfast was a mistake. Emma seems to be doing just fine. Since I’m not up to eating right now, I think I’ll go to the early church service. Alone.”
~*~
Jake spent the entire day brooding. The longer he thought about the certified letter Maggie insisted she’d sent him, the more it bothered him.
His father had always signed his name J.N. Manion. So if his dad had accepted the letter, Maggie wouldn’t have known the difference between their signatures.
Had his father wanted him to marry Roxanne so much he’d done something as deceitful as sign for the letter and deliberately withhold it? Jake found it hard to believe his dad would do that knowing how the loss of his child had devastated Jake.
At eight o’clock, he grabbed his keys and headed for New Jersey. He had to ask his father or spend the rest of his life wondering and possibly resenting something his dad had never done. Just like he had with Maggie.
Except now he knew it hadn’t been just bitterness that’d kept him dreaming about her for so many years. It had also been regret. The seeds of love they’d sown so many years ago had lain dormant in his subconscious and struggled to survive.
He might as well face it—fate had dumped a truckload of fertilizer on his heart the night Maggie walked into the diner. In the last month, all the feelings he’d been stomping on for nearly two decades had sprouted and come into full bloom. Despite nurturing his bitterness and denying his preoccupation with Maggie, his passion and love for her had flourished.
A half hour later, he knocked on his father’s door, and Helen swung it open. “Jake, what a nice surprise. Your dad and I were just about to have some cake and coffee. Would you like some?”
“Sure, thanks.” He kissed her cheek as he followed her into the bright airy kitchen.
Nick strolled in from the den and hugged him, slapping his back. “Hey, what’re you doing here?”
“I smelled Helen’s coffee and figured I’d bum a cup.”
His dad lifted one eyebrow in a dubious arch. “Come on, I know you better than that. You would never drive all that way this late without calling, unless you had something important on your mind.”
Jake flopped into the chair at the kitchen table. “You’re right. I need you to think back nineteen years, Dad. The week before I got married, did you sign for a certified letter for me?”
“I signed for a lot of letters for you. Do you remember how much mail you got after you made the draft?”
“I’m talking about one from Maggie.”
“Oh. That one.”
Damn. Part of him had been hoping his dad wouldn’t know anything about it. “So you did?”
“Yes. I remember wondering why she’d certified it. I worried maybe she was threatening you with some kind of legal action or something.” Nick’s gaze narrowed. “Are you telling me you never got it?”
The tension in Jake’s shoulders eased at hearing the sincere innocence in his father’s voice. Maybe, in his despair, Jake had accidentally tossed it in the trash with his junk mail. “No. Do you recall giving it to me?”
“No, I probably put it on the hall table where I always left your mail.”
Helen laid three mugs on the kitchen table and filled them with coffee. “Why is this letter suddenly so important?”
“Because it explained that Maggie was blackmailed into aborting my baby.” He told them all about what had really happened. “All these years I’ve been blaming her.”
“I can’t imagine what could’ve happened to the letter.” His father stared at the table. “Wait a minute.” He snapped his fingers. “I vaguely remember Roxanne being there when I signed for it. She’d dropped by to bring me the cuckoo clock she’d brought back from Germany. I was relieved she didn’t ask me who Margaret Hunter was when she saw the return address.”
Helen gasped. “You don’t think she could’ve....”
Jake didn’t like to think that Roxanne might’ve done something like that, but it was a reasonable explanation. In all the months she’d listened to him moan Maggie’s name, Roxanne had never asked him for any details about his relationship with her. Maybe it was because she’d already known the whole story. When he’d confessed to his wife after two years, she hadn’t seemed all that surprised.
He took a sip of his coffee and smiled at his stepmother. “I’m sorry, Helen, but I’ll have to take a rain check on the cake. I need to go home and call my ex and get to the bottom of this.”
~*~
When Jake arrived back at his house, he heard Alex and Emma showering together in the bathroom. He smiled and headed for the master suite just as his red-faced son slinked out of the bathroom, a towel slung around his hips.
“Sorry, Dad, we didn’t expect you back so soon. I need to get Em’s robe.”
“No, it’s my fault I came back early. I need to call your mom.” He glanced at the bathroom door, which Alex had left open a crack. The room was pitch black inside. “I think you accidentally turned off the lights and left Emma in the dark.”
Alex yanked the door closed and whispered, “Uhh, she’s a little—uh.” His Adam’s apple bobbed a couple of times, and he tossed his hands up. “Jeez, we’re married, why am I apologizing and explaining to you?”
“I don’t know. Why are you?” Jake chuckled and continued down the hall. His guess would be Emma was still a little shy about undressing with the lights on. He had to give his kid credit for being patient with her.
When he got to the bedroom, he punched out Roxanne’s number and fought to keep the rage out of his voice when she answered. “Hi, Rox, how are you?”
“Actually, I couldn’t be better. Chris was planning to call you tomorrow. We’re getting married. Do you think forty-two is too old to become a mother again?”
Jake’s throat constricted as he thought of his three children who were never born and the fourth that might soon be lost. “Not at all,” he rasped in a hoarse voice. “Lots of women have babies in their forties. Congratulations.”
“Maybe I can get it right this time. How’s Emma doing?”
“Good. But she’ll be seeing the doctor every week from here on out.” He drew in a deep breath. “Listen, Roxy, if you never do another thing for me, I need an honest answer from you about something.”
“Uhh—okay.”
“The week before we got married, did you take a certified letter Maggie sent me?”
His ex-wife’s breathing accelerated on the other end of the otherwise silent line. After several agonizing moments, Roxanne choked out, “Can you ever forgive me?”
He rubbed his eyes. “Yes, Honey. I just need to know what happened. I’ve been caught between loving and hating Maggie all these years.”
“I’m sorry.” Roxanne’s voice cracked. “I’d convinced myself that you’d gotten snared in a pre-wedding fling, and that if I loved you enough, I could make you forget her.”
“That’s funny. I hoped the very same thing.”
His ex-wife sniffled. “By the time I realized what a terrible mistake I’d made, it was too late. I lived in terror you would find out what I’d done and hate me. I know I don’t deserve your forgiveness.”
“Ahh, Rox, I’m the one who doesn’t deserve your forgiveness. I never should’ve married you, feeling the way I did.”
“Well, maybe now you and Maggie can—”
“I only wish that was the case. I asked her to marry me. She’s not interested.”
The doorbell’s chime echoed through the house. He glanced at his watch. The guys on his team knew better than to show up after ten. “I have to go, there’s someone at my door.”
When he answered the bell, Brandy stood on the porch with a large envelope. “Hi, Coach. I’m sorry to visit so late, but it’s important that I speak to Alex.”
Now what? He closed his eyes, refusing to speculate as to what could be so urgent. The last thing he wanted was to let this girl talk to his son, but that wasn’t his decision to make. Alex was an adult with the right to make his own choices—even if he sometimes showed the good judgment of a goalpost.
“Come in.” He showed her into the living room.
Brandy stared at the carpet and whispered, “I guess you don’t think very much of me anymore, huh?”
“My opinion of you isn’t important. What counts is what you think of yourself.”
“I’m not very proud,” she admitted.
“Then why’d you do it?”
Her lower lip trembled. “I just wanted Alex to like me.”
“You’re too smart and pretty to degrade yourself that way, Brandy.”
She shrugged one shoulder. “It’s not as if I’ve ever actually had sex with anyone.”
“Your definition needs revising. Bringing a person to orgasm is sex. Going down on your knees for boys might get you a lot of dates, but it won’t earn you their respect. Do you really want a guy who’s only using you to get off?”
She gnawed on her lip and silently shook her head.
He glanced pointedly at her low-cut blouse. “Do you want the man you care for to see you as just a sex object? Or do you want him to consider you a friend he might want to share the rest of his life with?”
“I want to be his friend,” she murmured.
He tipped her chin up and stared into her eyes. “If I recall correctly, you won an academic scholarship, didn’t you?”
She nodded. “I’m going to commute to Temple on the train.”
“Well, when you get to college, you’ll have a chance to reinvent yourself. No one will know you or have any preconceptions about you other than the image you project. It’ll be your choice what sort of person you become. I’m hoping it’ll be someone you can respect.”
Tears glistened in her eyes. “Thanks, Coach. Alex is lucky to have you for a dad.”
That was debatable. He’d really let his son down lately.
“Would you mind if I come by to visit you once in a while to talk?”
“Not at all.” Jake smiled. “I’d like to hear how you’re doing at school. I’ll go get Alex.” He wandered down the hall and tapped on his son’s door. “Alex,” he called, “Brandy’s here.”
“What the hell does she want?”
“You’d know that better than I would.”
A few moments later, his son flung the door open and stomped out of the bedroom, wearing just a pair of gym shorts. Alex glanced back and noticed Emma shadowing him in her robe. He turned and put his arms around her. “You don’t trust me, do you?”
“I want to,” she whispered. “It’s her I don’t—”
“No, Angel. If you don’t believe I’m capable of resisting Brandy’s come-ons, it’s me you don’t trust.”
Emma hung back in the family room with Jake. Her gaze kept darting to the hallway for several interminable minutes while the sound of Alex and Brandy’s muffled voices drifted in to them. Finally, Jake couldn’t stand watching his daughter-in-law suffer any longer. “You know there’s nothing to stop you from joining them.”
“No, I can’t. Alex is right. I need to learn to trust him. At least until he gives me a reason not to.”
A few minutes later, his son strolled into the family room, carrying the envelope Brandy had brought. “You’re not going to believe this, Dad. Brandy told me practically every one of Dr. Carmichael’s patients called and canceled their appointments on Friday. On top of that, Phil told Brandy his mom is sick of the rotten role model his dad is, so she’s filing for divorce and suing for full custody of his younger brother and baby sister.”
“Great.” Jake rolled his eyes. “Now the SOB will blame me for his practice and marriage failing and losing his kids, too. Is that all Brandy wanted?”
“No.” Alex smiled at Emma. “The reason she called my cell phone the other night was to warn me that Phil was bragging to everyone that my father and I were going to get what was coming to us at the board meeting. Afterward, when she found out about the picture, she made Phil give her all the copies and watched him delete the files from his computer. She came here tonight to apologize and to give me the prints to destroy.”
Emma stood and wrapped her arms around Alex’s neck. “I can’t believe that jerk gave them to her so easily.”
“Well, he didn’t, exactly.” He grinned. “Not until she threatened to spread some very nasty rumors about a certain part of his anatomy.”
“That I can believe.” Emma chuckled, pulling on his arm. “Let’s go back to bed.”
“You go ahead, Angel. I’m not really tired anymore. I think I’ll stay up a while.”
She slid one hand up his bare chest. “We don’t have to go to sleep.” Her mouth curved in a shy smile. “What I mean is—I don’t mind if you leave the lights on.”
Jake smiled as Alex grabbed his wife’s hand and dragged her down the hall, calling over his shoulder, “Goodnight, Dad.”
Maybe for him it was. As far as Jake was concerned, the whole day had sucked and the night wasn’t looking much better.
 
 
 
Chapter 20

The phone rang just as Maggie dozed off. She answered groggily and sat right up when the caller identified herself as Roxanne Warrington.
“I’m sorry for bothering you so late. You’re probably wondering why I’m calling at all.”
That was an understatement.
“You see, I just got off the phone with Jake. I wanted you to know he was telling you the truth about the letter you sent him. I’m ashamed to admit I took it.”
“Stealing mail is a federal crime.”
“I know it was wrong and stupid. But I was terrified of losing him. He’s forgiven me, and I’m hoping you might, too.”
Maggie swallowed hard. “Well, that’s a lot easier for Jake, seeing as he loves you. But you’re my daughter’s mother-in-law, so it wouldn’t do much for family harmony if I hold a grudge against you.” She’d harbored enough bitterness to last a lifetime. The only person it hurt was her.
“Thank you. I don’t know if I could be as charitable in your place.”
Maggie squeezed her eyes shut. “I understand you’re moving back. I hope things work out for you this time.”
“That’s very sweet of you. Actually, we decided tonight to get married and, if all goes well, we’ll be having a baby. I never dreamed I’d get a second chance.”
The only time Jake could’ve been with Roxanne was the night before Alex and Emma got married. Right before he’d taken Maggie into his bed—the same bed that evidently hadn’t had a chance to cool from Roxanne’s visit. Maggie preferred to believe he’d snuck into the guest room to sleep with his ex-wife. At least the thought of that didn’t turn her stomach quite so much.
“Congratulations.” Maggie wiped her eyes and sniffled. “I’m sure Jake’s thrilled.” Her throat tightened making it difficult to speak. “I’m sorry, I have to go. Goodbye.”
She hung up and buried her face in her pillow while her body shuddered through brokenhearted sobs. How could she love someone she hated so much?
Sure, the champagne might have impaired Jake’s judgment the night of the wedding, but he’d been completely clearheaded the evening he’d seduced her in her kitchen and held her in his arms until dawn. He’d taken her that night with no more qualms or hesitation than he’d shown nineteen years ago while he was still engaged to Roxanne. Some things never changed.
~*~
Jake lay on his back, staring into the darkness, his hands interlocked behind his head. How could he bear spending the next forty years without Maggie? Before she’d come back into his life, he’d resigned himself to being alone. He’d been content, filling his life with his work and coaching. Now, none of that was enough. He wasn’t just alone. He was lonely.
As he rolled over and punched his pillow, the phone rang. He scooped the receiver off the night table and mumbled, “Hullo.” At the sound of Roxanne’s voice, he flipped on the light and rubbed his eyes. “What’s up?”
“I’m not sure. I had the strangest conversation with Maggie, and something just hit me.”
“Why’d you call her?”
“I wanted to apologize about the letter.” His ex-wife sighed. “You know she’s really a very gracious person.”
“Yeah, I know.” He swallowed the lump clogging his throat. “She’s pretty damn near perfect.”
“Well, something struck me as odd after I hung up. I’d told her I was getting married and that I hoped to have a baby.”
He swung his legs over the side of the bed and sat up. “Yeah, so?”
“It wasn’t what she said, Jake. It was the way she said it. I think she might’ve been crying. Did you tell her I was moving in with Chris?”
Twisting his lips, he tried to recall if he’d mentioned it. “I don’t remember. Alex probably did, though. What are you trying to tell me, Rox?”
“I’m wondering if she’s under the impression that you and I are reconciling. When I told her about my plans to have another child, she said she was sure you must be thrilled.”
He stared silently at the receiver a moment. It all made sense. “Thanks. I appreciate you letting me know.”
Smiling, he hung up the phone. Some psychologist he was. One of the first things he learned as a clinician was to pay close attention to more than just a person’s words. All along, the vibes he’d gotten from Maggie said she still had strong feelings for him. If that was the case, maybe when she’d emphatically refused to get involved in a loveless marriage, it’d been his love she’d considered missing.
He pulled on his clothes and scribbled a note for Alex and Emma. At twelve-thirty, he pulled up in front of Maggie’s condo. He pressed her doorbell and frowned when he didn’t hear it ring inside.
Damn it. She must not have reconnected the bell. He scanned the dark windows in the surrounding units. If he pounded loud enough to wake her, he’d disturb half her neighbors, too.
~*~
Maggie rolled over and pulled the pillow over her head to block out the annoying tapping sound. When it grew louder, she sat up in a daze and threw back the covers. Jerking up the blinds, she found Jake standing on the opposite side of the glass.
“What in the world are you doing here at this hour?” She lifted the window, and the sweet scent of the flowers she’d planted drifted in with a cool breeze that made her shiver. The temperature had dropped drastically.
“Let me in, Maggie.”
“Why should I?”
“Because we’ll wake your neighbors if you don’t.” Thunder echoed in the distance, drowning out the crickets’ chirping. “And in any second, I’m going to get soaked.”
“It would serve you right,” she said, raising the screen. “I guess you’re taking lessons from your son now, huh?”
He hoisted himself up onto the windowsill and climbed in. “Actually his antics did give me the idea. You haven’t reconnected your bell. I didn’t want to wake everyone in the complex by pounding on your door.”
Once he closed the window and blinds, he snapped on the light. His gaze raked her body, and a warm flush crept up her neck as he studied the pale pink, slinky nightgown Dan had bought for her right before he’d been killed.
Her husband never had the chance to see her in it, so she hadn’t had the heart to wear the nightie. But tonight, she’d hoped that wrapping herself in his gift would help ease her heartache and comfort her. Instead, sliding into bed by herself, wearing something so seductive, had simply made her feel even more alone.
Jake’s ardent gaze chased away the chill she’d gotten. He smiled and tucked his finger under the slender strap at her shoulder and trailed a burning path down toward her breast. “I like the nightgown,” he whispered roughly. “A lot.”
She shivered again, except this time it was from his feathery touch. “Dan bought it.”
“His taste in lingerie was as good as it was in women.”
She shoved Jake’s hand away. “Why are you here?”
His mouth tightened as he reached up again and caressed her face as if he were memorizing its contours. “I came to get some answers.”
“At almost one in the morning, you want to play a game of twenty questions?”
“Yes.” His mouth curled in a crooked grin. “And the only rules to the game are that I ask the questions and you answer them—truthfully. Do you think you can handle that?”
That all depended on what he wanted to know. She shrugged her shoulders. “Why would I want to?”
“Ahhh, Maggie.” He threw his hands up and heaved a disappointed sigh. “You broke the rules already. I’m supposed to ask the questions. You’re supposed to answer them.”
“I don’t want to play this game.” She turned away from him.
Tilting her face toward him, he gazed into her eyes. “Why? Do you have a deep dark secret?”
“Everyone has secrets.”
“When we get to anything you think is too confidential, you can just plead the Fifth.”
“What is it you want to know so badly it can’t wait until tomorrow?”
He stepped closer and pressed his lips to her temple. The fragrance of his spicy after-shave tantalized her senses. He scattered a series of kisses over her forehead and whispered, “Did you love me nineteen years ago?”
Somehow he’d managed to zero right in on one of the questions she didn’t want to answer. She silently looked up at him from under her lashes while he threaded his fingers through her hair.
He waited several moments and cupped her cheek in his palm. “You haven’t answered me, Rosebud. I really need to know. Did you love me?”
Her voice came out thick and barely audible. “Yes.”
Brushing her mouth with his, he murmured, “Have your feelings changed toward me?”
Why did he persist in torturing her like this? She closed her eyes. In the last month, she’d come to love him ten times as much as she ever had. She nodded almost imperceptibly. “Yes, a great deal.”
He drew back from her, wearing a puzzled frown, then a pleased expression washed over his face. “Oh. So then you won’t mind telling me how your feelings have changed.”
She pulled away and spun her back to him. “Yes, I would mind very much.”
Sliding one arm around her waist, he yanked her back against him and settled his mouth on the nape of her neck. He nibbled his way to her ear and nipped at its lobe. “Why is that?”
Her breath caught as his hands cupped her breasts. “Because you’re asking me to be the only one to become vulnerable.”
He blazed a trail of wet open-mouthed kisses over her shoulder while he slid his hands over her body, warming her with the heat of his hands. He lightly pinched her nipples and breathed softly in her ear.
She shouldn’t let him do this. He was getting married, and he was just using her in the interim.
He spun her in his arms and yanked her urgently against him. “Would you consider our game more equitable if you were asking some of the questions?”
“Yes.” She moaned softly, arching her back as his mouth feasted hungrily on the sensitive flesh of her throat.
Shoving her nightgown’s bodice aside, he dipped his head and licked her aching nipples. “What question would you like to ask me?”
Question? She couldn’t think when he had his mouth and hands on her like this. “Why do you keep making love to me when you really want Roxanne?”
“Do I?” He lifted one eyebrow a fraction as he scooped her up and gently laid her on the bed. In seconds, he stripped every stitch of clothing off his perfect muscles.
Closing her eyes, she blocked out the mesmerizing sight so she could concentrate. “Yes. Why else were you planning to get back together with her before you found out I was pregnant?”
He crawled onto the bed and moved over her, lowering his mouth to her exposed breast again. As much as she wanted him, she refused to take part in his infidelity. She wouldn’t respect herself if she slept with another woman’s fiancé.
When she tried to push him away, he captured both her wrists in the vice-like grip of one of his hands and pinned her arms over her head. A tiny whimper welled up from her chest as he closed his lips over the tip her breast.
Tracing his tongue around her nipple, he flicked at it and asked softly, “What makes you think my ex-wife and I are reconciling?”
Maggie drew in a sharp breath at his exquisite torment and struggled to free herself. “Because I heard you tell her on the phone how much you and Alex were looking forward to her moving back. Right before you told her you love her.”
He lifted his head and cupped her face in his palm, staring intently into her eyes. “Listen very carefully, Sweetheart. I don’t want there to be any confusion. I am very happy my ex-wife will be part of Alex’s and my life again. I love Roxanne and always have. She’s the mother of my child and a good friend. However—I am not now, nor have I ever been, in love with her.”
“You’re not?” Maggie did a double take, completely dumbstruck.
“It was the whole reason my marriage broke up. I never loved her the way I should have. Remember I told you I’d done something that drove my wife to use drugs?”
“You told me the details of your marriage weren’t any of my business.”
He enfolded her in his arms. “That’s because I didn’t want to admit I hadn’t been able to forget you. And knowing I couldn’t tortured Roxanne. Whenever I went to bed with her, I ultimately ended up making love to you in my fantasies.”
Oh, Lord forgive her. She’d done the same thing, imagining Dan was Jake. Pretending she was with him had been the only way she’d been able to give herself to her husband on their wedding night.
“If that’s the case, then who’s Roxanne marrying?”
“I think I told you she’s been sleeping with Chris.”
Yes, he had. And Maggie had been so convinced Jake would hurt her again she’d forgotten that vital tidbit of information.
She touched his face in wonder. He’d actually loved her all that time? “Why did you marry Roxanne if you weren’t in love with her?”
“Because”—he kissed her gently—“I thought you were lost to me. I decided if I couldn’t have the passion I’d felt with you, marrying a good friend was the next best thing.”
Maggie buried her face in his chest. “I married Dan for exactly the same reasons. He hoped to help me forget you, except I never did completely. The only way I could ever get really excited or come with him was to fantasize I was with you.”
Jake ground his lips into hers in a demanding kiss and murmured against her mouth, “Maggie, I’m so sorry. All these years I’ve been caught between loving you and hating you for something you never did. You didn’t deserve my resentment. Can you ever forgive me?”
“I already have.” She rested her head in the hollow of his shoulder. “Can you forgive me for thinking the worst of you?”
Pressing his lips to her forehead, he whispered, “I have a confession to make.” He gently stroked the length of her spine and planted a light kiss on the tip of her nose. “The night of Alex and Emma’s wedding, I think deep in my heart I was hoping to get you pregnant again.”
She turned her face into his chest. “Please, Jake, I can’t let myself start hoping I won’t lose our baby. It’ll hurt too much when I do.”
“I think you should see an obstetrician.”
“Okay. I’ll call Dr. Brennan first thing tomorrow.”
~*~
Now he knew how his son felt. Jake’s chest tightened at the thought of his good-looking neighbor examining Maggie. The possessive feelings were unreasonable, but the green-eyed monster gnawed at his insides, all the same.
He would never try to tell her which doctor she should use. On the other hand, he wasn’t above influencing her with a little gentle persuasion.
Slipping his hand between her legs, he stroked her and nuzzled her ear. Her hot breath stirred the fine hair on his neck as she kneaded the muscles in his shoulders.
“Maggie, love,” he whispered, stripping her nightgown over her head. “Do you really think Paul Brennan’s the right doctor, considering the problems you’ve had?”
She scrutinized his face and a smile curled her mouth. “Jake, you’re not by any chance jealous?”
“Maybe.”
“I’m sorry to hear that. It suggests you don’t have any concept of how much I love you.”
He kissed a trail down her neck, murmuring, “Are you so in love with me you’ll marry me before the kids leave for school—like maybe while your mom is here?”
Her back arched as she writhed naked beneath him, moaning, “Uh-huh.”
He nibbled his way down her stomach to her navel and traced it with his tongue. “Are you in love with me enough, if you have another miscarriage, you’ll see a specialist and do whatever it takes to have a baby with me?”
She grabbed his head and gasped. “Uh-huh.”
Sliding lower, he lifted her hips. “Do you love me enough to go to a different doctor?” He dipped his tongue into her dewy heat several times before adding, “Say, a nice balding sixty-year-old specialist with a paunch?”
When he resumed his intimate teasing, a series of moans escaped her. Her head thrashed on the pillow while her fingers curled in a death grip, clutching his hair. After only a few flicks of his tongue, she cried out her pleasure.
He moved back up her trembling body and gazed down at the thick lashes fanned on her rosy cheeks. His chest constricted with the intensity of the feelings she aroused in him. “You haven’t answered my last question about the stodgy doctor with the receding hairline.”
Her eyelids fluttered open, and she chuckled softly. “Unh-uh. Not a chance, Bucko.”
“Hmmm....” He twisted his mouth and raised his eyebrows. “Do you at least love me enough to treat me to an instant replay of the night I got you pregnant?”
She slid her hand down his stomach, smiling as she caressed the length of him. “Exactly which moment did you have in mind to replay?”
“I think you’re well aware of what I’m referring to. You’re doing just fine. But remember instant replays are always best in slow motion.”
As she gradually nibbled her way down his abdomen, then took her time running her tongue over his erection, he groaned, “Oh, Rosebud,”—his eyes rolled back in his head—“do you have any idea how much I love you?” And always have.
She gently closed her lips over him for a few seconds, then drew back and whispered, “Enough to give up coaching football?”
He bolted upright and stared at her. “You wouldn’t really ask me to do that, would you? I mean, I will if that’s what it’ll take to make you hap—”
“Relax.” She chuckled, pushing him back on the bed. “I was just testing you. I wanted to be sure I had your complete attention and devotion.”
“Well, you do.” He pulled her down on top of him. “Do I pass, Teacher?”
“You don’t just pass.” She kissed him softly. “You get an A plus-plus.”
 

Epilogue

December, three and a half years later....
 
The president of the Downtown Athletic Club of New York held out his hand toward Jake. “Here to accept the Heisman Trophy on his son’s behalf is Dr. Jacob Manion, better known by all of you as Rocket Manion.”
Amidst thunderous applause, Jake stood and set the huge bronze statue on the table before stepping up to the podium and leaning into the microphone. “Thank you, everyone. Please allow me to apologize for Alex’s absence this evening. My son was concerned that—”
Confused by the audience’s snickering, Jake glanced around at the sea of amused faces and remembered the sportscasters never referred to his son as Alex. He’d been Ajax to the media ever since his freshman year when his teammates nicknamed him after the Trojan warrior reputed to be the second fastest man and best spear thrower in Greek mythology.
“I’m sorry.” Jake spread his hands and smiled. “I forgot he’s Ajax to most of you. When I left to come here tonight, my son was pacing at the hospital, worrying you’d think he isn’t honored to receive this prestigious award.”
Jake smiled at the president of the Athletic Club. “Let me assure you, he is. Unfortunately, the newest member of the Manion dynasty insisted on being born a half hour ago. I know you’ll agree it was a bit more important for my son to be there to welcome his second child, Daniel Jacob, into the world.”
He waited for the crowd’s whistling and applause to subside. “On my son’s behalf, I’d like to thank all the sportscasters and the Athletic Club for bestowing this honor on him. And I hope you’ll forgive me if I don’t hang around for dessert. I have a new grandson to meet.”
As he stepped down from the dais to several congratulatory handshakes, a journalist shoved a microphone at Jake. “Rocket, how does it feel to hear people say your son is an even better quarterback than you were?”
He smiled as a dozen cameras flashed in his face. “It feels spectacular. How could I not be proud? I trained him.”
~*~
Jake leaned against the doorjamb outside the pink and white bedroom and listened to Maggie argue with their daughter who would be turning three in a few months. “Katie, pleeease go to sleep like Elisabeth and Olivia.”
Elisabeth, or Little-Bit, as Alex affectionately dubbed his daughter, had been named after Jake’s late mother. She and her Aunt Olivia looked like two little cherubs cuddled together.
Maggie stroked their child’s honey blonde head, pushing it down next to the swirl of dark brown curls mingled with shiny copper locks. “Daddy won’t be home for hours.”
Katie must have badgered her mommy into keeping Olivia overnight, too, to celebrate Little-Bit getting a baby brother.
Maggie and Roxanne had delivered their girls two months apart and had become as close as sisters, so their daughters had naturally become inseparable. The three tiny imps looked very much like each of their mothers must have looked as toddlers.
His daughter popped back up as if a spring had burst through the mattress beneath her. She turned toward the door, pouting. “But I gots to tell Daddy sumpfin.” She spotted him, and her face lit up like a stadium scoreboard.
Holding his finger to his lips, he crept behind his wife and whispered, “If your husband isn’t coming home for hours, that means I can have my way with you.”
Maggie gasped as their daughter squealed and jumped from the double bed into his arms.
“Shhh!” Jake hugged Katie. “You’ll wake the girls.” While she planted a wet kiss on his cheek, he made raspberries in her neck.
“Don’t worry,” Maggie said. “Those two were so tired the high school marching band could parade through here without waking them. How’d you get home so fast?”
“You think that was quick? I even squeezed in a visit to pay homage to our crown prince. ESPN wanted to interview Alex tonight, so they offered me a seat on their chopper. I was hoping to meet up with you at the hospital.”
“I’m sorry.” She looked pointedly at the two sleeping toddlers. “Two of our little princesses were exhausted. Roxanne and I couldn’t pry the girls apart.”
“Look on the bright side, Rosebud. We’ll never have to worry about our daughter being a lonely-only.” He set Katie down on the bed and stretched to ease the kinks in his back. “Man, I feel about a thousand years old tonight.”
A deep crevice creased his wife’s forehead. “Jake, have you considered how hard it will be for poor little Danny to grow up with these three girls ganging up on—”
He smothered her words as he brushed a kiss over her lips. “Why don’t you hold that thought and run us a hot bath? I’ll tuck our little Katie-Kat in, then you and I can talk in the tub.”
“Okay. Don’t let her chatter too long. She’s overtired.”
Jake sank onto the bed after Maggie left, pulling his child into his lap. “So, Kitten, what’d you want to tell me?”
She flashed the sideways grin of an accomplished coquette that never failed to charm him into indulging her. “It’s a secwet.” She giggled and stood on the mattress to whisper in his ear. “Aunt Roxie telled Emma we’s gonna get a baby like ‘lisabeff’s.”
He peered at his daughter’s face. “Aunt Roxie said that?”
Katie’s sky blue eyes widened as her head bobbed.
“I think you misunderstood.” Or maybe Roxanne was pregnant again. Although, that wasn’t likely at forty-six.
He laid his daughter down in her bed and kissed her forehead. “Goodnight, Kitten, I love you a hundred-million-zillion times.”
He switched on the intercom and then stripped off his dress shirt on the way to the master suite. In addition to turning on the tub, Maggie had flipped on the gas fireplace next to it. The only illumination in the room came from the dancing flames.
“By the way, I got an e-mail from Simon today,” he called into the bathroom, toeing off his loafers and undressing. “If he does as well on his exams as he expects to, he should end up with a 3.5 GPA this semester.”
Maggie emerged from the bathroom wearing just a smile. “I stopped worrying how he’d do after he scored so well on the critical reading and writing sections of his SATs last year.”
“Well, he owes it all to you, Rosebud. Simon also said he’s planning to accept the scholarship at Penn State next year so he can fill the void Alex will be leaving. Personally I think his choice has more to do with him wanting to see Tina on the weekends.”
“That,”—Maggie chuckled, poking his rib—“you have to take responsibility for.”
“Yeah, I know. I’m a helluva matchmaker and coach.”
“And a gifted psychologist. Are you ever sorry you decided to continue teaching instead of practicing as a therapist?”
After listening to the parents’ show of support at the board meeting three and a half years ago, Jake had realized he could use his training and help troubled teens far better as their teacher and coach then he ever could in a clinical setting where he had to wait for parents to recognize their kids were at risk. Not to mention, he loved teaching.
He spent his summers writing self-help books for parents of pre-teens and adolescents, which had proved extremely lucrative. Simon’s success and the way Brandy had straightened out her life left no doubt in his mind he’d made the right choice.
“Not at all. What about you? Are you ever sorry you quit?”
Since they hadn’t needed the extra income after their daughter was born, Maggie had begun volunteering to tutor low-income adults in Philadelphia two evenings a week.
“No way. I love being with Katie all day. And I love helping people who slipped through the cracks in school.”
Jake pulled his wife’s naked body into his arms. Even after three-plus years of marriage, she still made him feel like a horny teenager. He slid his hands down her sides and froze at the unfamiliar thickness in her waist. His daughter’s secret echoed in the back of his mind.
No. He immediately shoved the idea away. Maggie had probably eaten a little too much stuffing and pumpkin pie on Thanksgiving.
After testing the water’s temperature, he scooped her up and lowered her into the steamy bathtub, trying to recall the last time she’d had her period. He settled into the fragrant bubbles behind his wife, pulled her back against him, and peeked at her face as she snuggled into the crook of his shoulder. “Rosebud?”
“Hmm?” She combed her fingers through the hair on his chest while the hot water relaxed every muscle in his body except the swollen one pressing into her hip.
“Katie just told me something strange. She said pretty soon she’s getting a baby just like Elisabeth.”
The starch in his wife’s back told him he hadn’t been imagining things. He closed his eyes and groaned.
~*~
As usual, their daughter was a nosey little motor-mouth.
Maggie glanced at Jake’s face. His tight-lipped expression said he wasn’t as pleased about the unexpected news as she was. 
Eighteen months after having Katie, Maggie had broached the subject of another child, and Jake had made it clear he was more than happy to let Alex and Emma provide any future babies to expand their family. At the time, she'd been okay with the decision because, just like Dan, Jake didn’t relish the idea of being the oldest dad in his child’s kindergarten class and having everyone thinking he was their child’s grandfather. And being a grandmother was nearly as great as being a mom. 
It had only been after the plus sign appeared on the pregnancy test stick that she'd realized how much she truly wanted another baby. 
“Well....” She winced. “Our daughter has her story straight. I’m definitely a little pregnant.”
“There’s no such thing as a little pregnant. And why does Katie know before—”
“I didn’t want to ruin your excitement over Alex winning the Heisman and Danny’s birth. Apparently our little busybody must’ve overheard Roxanne and me talking to Emma today. I was planning to tell you tonight, but Miss Big Ears beat me to it.”
Jake closed his eyes. Becoming a father at forty-three had been traumatic enough. Forty-seven was just plain ridiculous. “We’ve already got two grandchildren. By the time this kid graduates high school, I’ll be on social security.”
“So what. These days, lots of couples are having babies at our age.”
“Those people don’t have a son and daughter who are about to graduate college.”
“He’ll keep us young,” she told him. When his head snapped up at her use of the word HE, she added, “Maybe we’ll get lucky and have a boy this time. Then our grandson will have someone to help keep the girls in line. And you’ll get to raise another star quarterback.”
“Okay, so there might be a few advantages.” He smiled down at her and chucked her under the chin. “You’re excited about having another baby, aren’t you?”
“Very much so.” She loved being a mother and grandmother—especially alongside a man who was such a natural with kids. After Dan died, she’d thought her life was over. Now it seemed as if it had only just begun. “I’ll be even happier if you’re pleased, too.”
“I just don’t understand. You’re using a diaphragm, and I always wear a raincoat during the middle of your cycle. How’d this happen?”
Kissing his ear, she laughed softly. “You have your doctorate, and you don’t know?”
“Don’t be smart.” He tweaked her breast, making her shiver. “I know the biology. How and when did we manage to make this baby?”
“Remember when you secretly packed my suitcase and left Katie with my mother so you could surprise me with a long weekend of skinny dipping and nude sunbathing at the lake before you had to start the new term?”
“Yeah.” He bit his lip as she nibbled on his neck.
“And do you recall how we spent most of those three days?”
“Umm.” He dropped his head back while she skimmed her hand down his taut abdomen. “We need to get Alexander to loan us his lake house more often.”
She wholeheartedly agreed. “Do you also recollect how great you thought it was that you didn’t have to pack much besides sunscreen?”
“Uh-huh.” He sucked in a tense breath as she caressed him beneath the bubbles.
“Well, the famous psychologist who wrote the bestseller, Subconscious Self-Sabotage, left my diaphragm and the condoms at home with all of my clothes. By the time I realized it, we were in the middle of our How much do you love me game. I didn’t say anything because I’d just finished my period, and I didn’t think it was likely for me to be fertile already.” 
“So what’re you saying? Deep down I wanted to get you pregnant again?” He drew her closer and murmured into her lips, “Shhh, don’t answer that. Just let me wallow in denial and keep loving me.”
“Mmmm....” She most definitely would.

Thank you for reading A Little Bit of Déjà Vu

If you would like to receive notices of Laurie’s new releases sign up for Laurie’s Newsletter 
Also be sure to subscribe to Laurie’s Blog at: http://www.LaurieKellogg.wordpress.com

If you enjoyed this story

Review it—Please tell other readers why you loved the book by reviewing it. If you do write a review, please remember to avoid including spoilers, and please send me a copy in an email at Review@LaurieKellogg.com so I can thank you.
Lend it—This e-book is lending-enabled, so please, share it with a friend.
Recommend it—Please help other readers find this book by recommending it to friends, readers’ groups, and discussion boards.
Tweet about it and tell your Facebook friends!

Laurie’s complete book list
 Read more of Laurie’s romances that are Steamy, Heartwarming Fun:

The Memory of You (Prequel to the Return to Redemption series)
A Little Bit of Déjà Vu (Book One of the Return to Redemption series)
Baby, I’m Back! (Book Two of the Return to Redemption series)
The Parent Pact (Book Three of the Return to Redemption series)
No Exchanges, No Returns (Book Four of the Return to Redemption series)
A Heart Decision (Book Five of the Return to Redemption series)
Don’t Break My Heart (Book Six of the Return to Redemption series)


Or try her L.L. Kellogg romances that are A Little Naughty and a lot of Fun 

Hypnotic Seduction (Book One of the Seduction Series)
The Naughty Never Die (Book Two of the Seduction Series)
About the Author
Laurie Kellogg is a two-time winner and seven-time nominee for the Romance Writers of America® Golden Heart® award, the winner of Pacific Northwest Writers Association® Zola award, and a Romantic Times® American Title I finalist. She began writing to avoid housework and has since resorted to naming the dust-bunnies multiplying as fast as real rabbits while she plots love stories that are Steamy, Heartwarming, Romantic Fun
Laurie also writes red-hot romantic comedies under L.L. Kellogg which she’s branded as A Little Naughty and a lot of Fun! If you would like to know more about Laurie and her books visit http://www.LaurieKellogg.com 

 Connect with Laurie at:

e-mail: Contact@LaurieKellogg.com
Website: http://www.LaurieKellogg.com 
Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/#!/Laurie_Kellogg
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/Laurie.Kellogg.Books
Goodreads: http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/5670953.Laurie_Kellogg 
LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/pub/laurie-kellogg/44/19b/650
Pinterest: http://pinterest.com/kellogglaurie

READ AN EXCERPT OF
The Memory of You

Chapter 1
 
2 April 1973
Clark Air Force Base, Luzon Island in the Philippines 
 
The streaked window of the base hospital magnified the afternoon sunshine, radiating its warmth across the bed with the intensity of a heat lamp. Lieutenant Mac McCartney swiped his finger over his plate and licked it, savoring the last of the spicy tomato sauce. He glanced at the captain sharing his semi-private room. “I may not be able to recall much about my life, but I’m now sure I liked lasagna—a lot.”
“If you like the food here, that proves you’ve been deprived,” the captain muttered, shoving his tray away.
“Amen.” A feminine voice drew their attention to the door where Mac zeroed in on a dynamite pair of legs. “I’m glad to see you’re cleaning your plate. You need the calories.”
He slid off the edge of his mattress and stood, letting his gaze wander over the woman’s long russet waves and centerfold curves. He wiped his mustache and beard with his napkin. “Everything tastes a lot better when you’ve got teeth.”
The day before, the dentist had finished the bridgework to replace the three incisors he’d been missing since he’d woken up over six years ago in the North Vietnamese POW camp with no memory.
Who was this woman? She was dressed way too nicely to be a nurse or an aide.
“Hello, Lieutenant, I’m Dr. Katherine Grant. I’m taking over your case.” The woman flashed a brilliant smile and extended her manicured hand. The heady scent of her perfume mingled with the antiseptic odor that, by all rights, should peel the institutional green paint from the walls. Apparently, the military got some sick sadistic pleasure from assigning a woman who looked and smelled like her to treat a sex-starved man. 
He shook her hand, ashamed of his chauvinistic assumption. Why shouldn’t she be a doctor? “So how many of my two hundred and six bones did they break?”
She flipped through his chart. “You really should be asking which bones they didn’t break. All things considered, you’re in remarkably good physical condition. Although, your body isn’t why I’ve come to see you. I’m a psychiatrist.”
If they’d assigned a shrink to his case, they must have decided he was bonkers.
Recalling his rusty manners, he dragged the chair from the corner and placed it next to his bed.
Before seating herself, she pulled the curtain between him and his roommate. It was sort of ridiculous since there was no such thing as privacy in a semi-private room. 
The doctor settled in the chair and crossed one stocking-encased knee over the other. “Seeing as you chose Paul McCartney as your name, I assume you like his music. Do you mind if I call you, Paul?”
 “Actually, I’ve been going by Mac.” He settled back onto the edge of the hospital bed.
“Okay, Mac. Can you tell me what you remember?”
“Everything except details about my life. I seem to know a lot about electrical and mechanical engineering as well as science—particularly biology and anatomy and physiology.”
“That explains why you know the exact number of bones in a human being.” She jotted down some notes on her yellow lined pad. “Anything else?”
“I have vague recollections of things that happened to me as a kid, and I have awful nightmares that I can’t remember after I wake up.” He also had vivid memories of sex, but no way would he tell her about them. “I remember having a sister.” He squeezed his eyes shut. “And the name, Abby.”
The doctor’s forehead furrowed, suggesting this information had some significance. “You seem disturbed by that name. Why do you think that is?”
“You’ve got me. Thinking about it makes my chest hurt, so I try not to. Weird, huh?”
“No. When a patient with dense retrograde amnesia loses only biographical memories, we pretty much rule out a pathological cause. So a physical response, like the tightness in your chest, isn’t unusual if the memories you’ve repressed are stirred.”
“So you’re saying my problem isn’t from a head injury?”
“I seriously doubt it. Since you’ve retained your world knowledge, it’s highly unlikely your memory loss has anything but a psychogenic origin. I believe it’s simply a manifestation of a dissociative disorder caused by psychological trauma. In the past, doctors would’ve called your condition shell shock or battle fatigue. But we’ve recently begun classifying soldiers with residual effects from the war as having post-Vietnam syndrome.”
In other words, it was all in his head.
Dr. Grant absently tapped her pen on his chart. “The mind is something we still don’t know enough about, Mac, but we do know it’s a survivor. Your subconscious will do whatever it takes to keep you mentally at ease. This Abby may be connected to the psychological trauma that caused your amnesia.”
“Great. So I’m stark raving mad.”
“No.” She smiled. “You’d be crazy if your mind hadn’t shut down to protect your sanity. Right now, you’re comfortable and safe. You’ve been Mac a long time, so it’s going to take a while for your subconscious to feel secure enough to release your memories. Be honest. Do you really want to remember?”
Mac let his mind wander back to the day his captors realized he’d lost his memory and had thrown him into a pitch-black pit dubbed The Hellhole. He’d nearly crapped his pants when a hoarse whisper broke the dark silence. “I guess they forgot they already threw me in here this morning.”
“Shit!” Mac stiffened, wincing from the pain in every inch of his battered body. “I thought I was alone.” 
 “Shh. Keep your voice down.” The man squeezed his arm in the dark. “If they realize we’re down here together, they’ll put us in the stocks—after they beat us.”
Just what he needed. If they broke one more of his ribs he wouldn’t be able to draw a breath.
“I’m Leonard Washington. What’s your name and where are you from?”
“Truthfully, I don’t know. I don’t remember a thing about my life before this morning. They transferred me here from another camp right after I woke up.” Judging from his missing front teeth, how badly he’d been whipped and beaten, and the burns covering his arms, they must have had him for a while. “I told them my name is Paul McCartney.”
“I suppose that’s as good as any. Personally, I would’ve gone with Elvis. I doubt Charlie would buy a black guy named McCartney.”
“You’re Negro?”
“Yeah, does it matter?”
“Hell no. Do you care I’m White?”
Leonard released a soft snort. “Good answer. You and I are going to get along great. Although, you won’t be very interesting if you can’t recall a damn thing about yourself.”
“Believe me, I wish I could.”
“I wouldn’t work real hard at trying to get your memory back. You might find out you lost something worth remembering. And there’s already enough torture going on here.”
“Mac?” Dr. Grant touched his arm, yanking his mind back to the hospital in the Philippines. “Are you okay? You spaced out on me.”
“Sorry.”
“I asked if you really want to remember.”
Fiddling with the silverware on his tray, Mac shrugged. “I guess I’m a little nervous. I’ve always felt as if I had something special in my life. Maybe I’m afraid of missing it when I find out I’ve lost it.”
“You’d be the best judge of your motivation. I’m hoping the Department of Defense can confirm an ID on you soon to connect a few more of the dots.”
They’d fingerprinted him almost a week ago, but apparently the request for a match had gotten lost in the shuffle somewhere along the way. The military refused to ship him stateside until they could confirm his status as an American serviceman.
“If not, we can try hypnosis to identify you. But considering your anxiety about learning your past, I’m not sure that will be effective.”
He twisted his mouth. “I guess once Superman is revealed, Clark Kent, the mild mannered reporter, will cease to exist.”
“I know that’s scary. Chin up.” She grinned. “You never know. You may find you have a real fetish for wearing tights and a ca—”
“Hold that thought.” Major Jensen, the administrator in charge of identifying Mac, strode into the room. “The mystery’s solved.”
Mac sprang to attention next to the bed.
The silver-haired officer waved his hand. “As you were.”
Perched on the edge of the mattress, Mac gripped the sheet while the major laid a thin file on the rolling hospital table. “Lieutenant, I’m sorry to have to tell you this, but you’re a walking corpse.”
“What?”
“You were listed as killed in action. Your dog tags were found in the charred wreckage of the chopper you went down in on 11 January 1967. When your body couldn’t be positively identified among the remains, the Army felt—since the headcount was correct—it was unlikely you survived. So they declared you dead. 
“Are you saying they found the body of someone who wasn’t supposed to be on the chopper?”
“I guess. Technically, you should’ve been listed as presumptive finding of death.”
“So what’s my name?”
The doctor opened his file and scanned it. “You’re Second Lieutenant Matthew Thomas Foster.”
Matt Foster. No wonder the nickname Mac seemed more comfortable than Paul. The morning the commander of the POW camp had woken him, he’d held a pistol to Mac’s head, and repeatedly demanded his name. Fearing for his life, Mac had spouted off the first one he could think of—Paul McCartney.
It would take some adjustment to think of himself as Matt. He glanced between the doctor and the major. “Don’t you think it’s strange that Mac is so close to my real name?”
“You were probably subconsciously drawn to it. You turned twenty-nine this past January eleventh....” She did a double take at the file and stared at the major. “The same day he was captured?”
“I guess I had one helluva birthday that year, huh?” After having no access to a mirror during his captivity, Matt had seen himself clearly for the first time only ten days ago. “I look at least thirty-five.”
“Actually, I’d pegged you as being closer to forty.” The major chuckled. “I nearly swallowed my tongue when I saw the year you were born. Wait until you see your induction picture.” The major handed him a photo from the file.
Matt analyzed the smooth, youthful face in the picture. He was a good-looking kid, but he looked nothing like Mac—or, uh, Matt. The boy’s soft face had perfect symmetry, whereas his had irregular, chiseled features.
“This can’t be me. My hair’s a lot darker brown—at least what isn’t gray. On top of that, my nose is slightly crooked and broader. And there’s a big difference between the two sides of my face. Someone must’ve made a mistake.”
The doctor took the picture and glanced back and forth between him and the photo. “He’s right, Major. He doesn’t look like this boy. Are you sure there wasn’t a mix-up?”
“No. I thought the same thing, so I went back and had your ID double-checked. Your fingerprints are a match. You’re definitely Matthew Foster.”
“Maybe someone else’s picture got stuck in my file.”
Dr. Grant scrutinized the photo. “Mmm....no-o, I don’t think so. I see a resemblance in the eyes.” She tapped the three-by-five glossy. “You were probably a late bloomer.” She flipped through his medical chart. “The remodeling in your x-rays show half the bones in your face were fractured at one time or another. They’ve healed nicely, but I’m sure those skeletal changes could’ve altered your facial structure significantly.”
The major studied the picture again. “Maturation alone could account for a lot of the difference. What you went through probably aged you faster than normal.”
“If you didn’t have the evidence to prove it, I’d never believe I’m this Matt Foster guy.”
The doctor sorted through the folder. “Matt, some people change a lot more than others as they age. Being twenty pounds underweight and that beard doesn’t help. And your bridgework probably changed the whole shape of your mouth.”
It felt weird being called something other than Mac. “I guess it makes sense. What else do you know about me?”
Doctor Grant glanced back at the file. “At the time of your capture, your parents lived in Texas.”
That was odd. When Leonard had talked about his home in Philly, Matt had known a lot of details about the area. Having that in common with Leonard was partly why they’d grown so close—and why he’d requested to eventually be transferred to the Philadelphia VA hospital. “I would’ve sworn I grew up in Pennsylvania.”
“Your records show you attended high school there, so you probably did. Your parents and sister may have moved while you were in college.” 
“Then I was right about having a sister. Is her name Abby?”
“No. It’s Sheri. Does that bring anything back for you?” the doctor asked.
Closing his eyes, he tried desperately to connect it all to a memory. After several moments, he tossed his hands up in frustration. “No.”
“You also have a wife, Matt,” the major added. “Her name is Abigail. She lives in Pennsylvania.”
Matt’s chest felt as if an armored tank had rolled over it. Great. He could just imagine his reunion with a wife who was a complete stranger. Hi, Honey, I’m home. Oh, and by the way, I don’t know who the hell you are.
After so many years, she’d probably moved on with her life and wouldn’t even want him back. He gritted his teeth to steel himself. “Is she remarried?”
Major Jensen pursed his lips. “It took the Army way too long to identify you as it was. We were in a hurry, so we didn’t get much information on her. She’s still receiving DIC benefits, so she has to be single. We haven’t notified her you’re alive yet.”
The constriction in Matt’s chest increased. “Then please don’t.”
The doctor squeezed his arm. “Why don’t you want her to know you survived?”
“I-I don’t remember a thing about her. She’s lived under the assumption I’ve been dead for all these years. She’s had to make a new life for herself. Why should I disrupt it when I don’t even know what she looks like?”
“She may help you remember.” The doctor laid his file on the table. “It’s her name that’s haunting you. She may be at the root of your amnesia.”
Matt slanted a dubious look at the doctor. “How do you figure?”
“It’s my theory your captors managed to kill all your hope. I think your subconscious repressed your past to escape the mental anguish of never seeing your wife again.”
“Okay, so she may help me remember, but I don’t want to turn her life upside down by suddenly showing up. I could simply go take a peek at her. If she seems happy and nothing comes back to me, I don’t see the point of involving her in my problems.”
The lines deepened around the major’s mouth. “Since your wife’s widow’s benefits will be rescinded, the Army will be forced to inform Mrs. Foster that you’re not deceased.”
“Can’t you at least give me a little time?”
The major hesitated a moment and nodded. “I suppose I can drag my heels a few weeks on submitting the paperwork, but that’s the best I can do.”
A long breath hissed out of Matt at his reprieve. The military was good at moving slowly.
“The army is releasing you with an honorable discharge,” the major continued. “I’m sure you’re eligible for some degree of disability compensation. Although, the VA will have to determine what percentage.”
“I can’t imagine it’ll be much. My memory loss doesn’t affect my ability to work.” Unless, of course, someone offered him a job writing a book on the life and times of Matthew T. Foster.
“I like your attitude.” The major clapped his hand on Matt’s shoulder.
“So when do I get shipped stateside for release?”
“Don’t you think you need a little more time here to readjust?” the doctor asked.
“No way. I’ve already had over six years stolen from me.” He wanted out. The hospital was just a more humane prison. “Keeping me cooped up will only prolong my problem.”
“You’re probably right.” The doctor smiled. “But the military has a responsibility to help you.”
“I don’t need to be looked after like a two-year-old. I want to get a job and pick up the pieces of my life.”
The doctor glanced at the major and shrugged. “Now that most of the POWs have been processed, I’ll be returning to the States the day after tomorrow. I suppose we could release the lieutenant with a provision to be readmitted if he experiences any difficulty. However,”—she turned to Matt—“you’ll need to be seen as an outpatient. You originally asked to be sent to the Philadelphia veteran’s hospital, which is where I’m normally assigned, so I can personally follow up with you and release you from there.”
Major Jensen smiled at him. “Your initiative is admirable, Foster. You’ll do fine.” 
Once the major left, Matt flicked a glance at the doctor. “If the government cuts off my wife’s income, I guess I don’t have much choice but to go back and take care of her.”
The doctor laughed. “You missed the bra burning, Matt. You’re not living in the fifties any longer. You do have a choice.”
“Bra burning?” Why would a woman want to set her lingerie on fire?
“A couple of years after you were captured, a group of feminists planned to burn their brassieres outside the Miss America pageant as a protest for equal rights. The cops wouldn’t allow them to start a fire on the Atlantic City boardwalk, so everyone threw their bras into a trashcan in a symbolic burning. That’s when some women began going braless.”
No bras? Hot damn. Apparently a few things had changed for the better.
“My point is women support themselves all the time these days. I suspect while you’ve been gone, your wife has become quite independent. The two of you are completely different people today than when you fell in love.”
“What would you do if you suddenly found out you had a husband you hadn’t seen in over half a decade?”
Anguish and indecision strained the doctor’s beautiful face. “Exactly what I did. My husband came home last fall after commanding a MASH unit for almost four years. We tried for a few months to save our marriage, but it didn’t work. I’d become a doctor, and Jack came home toting a lot of the same problems other Vietnam vets share. We’d both changed too much. It’s why I wanted to work with the POWs being released.”
“Maybe I should just drop my wife a note and wish her all the best in her new life.”
“For the sake of your recovery, you should at least meet her.” Dr. Grant pursed her lips a moment. “Just remember, couples evolve together as a unit. You and Abby have been apart a long time, having different experiences. It’ll take time to readjust.”
“That’s why I don’t see any reason to disrupt her life.”
“Well, if you’re thinking about not visiting her, let me point out your wife’s home is less than an hour from Philadelphia in a small town called Redemption.”
So he and Len had guessed right about him living in eastern Pennsylvania.
“Redemption?” He snorted. “That’s definitely the town meant for me, don’t you think?” He closed his eyes as the image of a road sign flashed through his mind. “Welcome to Redemption, Pennsylvania—A stone’s throw from New Hope, less than two hours from Paradise.”
“Huh?” Dr. Grant’s brow knitted.
“Don’t ask me how I know it, but that’s what the town’s welcome sign says.”
“There you go. You’re already remembering something.” The doctor smiled. “If I were you, Abby’s proximity would make me wonder if fate was trying to tell me something. It’s possible you really did have something special. Maybe it’s worth trying to get it back.”

Acknowledgements

First and foremost, I praise God for giving me the imagination and ability to write. So many people have contributed to my career and helped mold me into the author I’ve become. I’d like to take this opportunity to thank:
 
My husband who’s given me more support than any writer could hope for and who is the kind of man who inspires all of the best characteristics of the heroes in my stories
My son—not just for his encouragement and advice, but for blessing me with the best daughter-in-law any woman ever had and for giving me an adorable grandson
My wise daughter who never doubts me and who did me the favor of marrying a wonderful man, who is also a talented author
My mom who passed on the love of reading to me and who never lets me forget there are other things in life besides writing
My father and my dear late friend. Both of you believed in me but left us too soon to share in my joy. I miss you both every day.
My sister and sisters-in-law, a/k/a my most faithful cheerleaders 
My nieces and nephews who motivated me to keep going and compelled me to set an example of perseverance
My brother and brother-in-law who never considered my writing a hobby
My prior neighbor and good friend who convinced me to join RWA® and start writing
My critique partner and sister-of-the-heart who never lets me down in pointing out why my babies aren’t ready for the runway
My beta-readers and good friends
Romance Writers of America® and all its generous members who helped me learn to use the talent I was blessed with
The members of the RWA Chapters Bucks County Romance Writers, New Jersey Romance Writers, and the Golden Network
All my Golden Heart friends from 2004, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2010, and 2011—especially my 2009 Ruby-Slippered Sisters with whom I share a multi-author blog at http://www.rubyslipperedsisterhood.com


